Mild wall thickening of the bladder near the dome, can be compatible with patient's known history of bladder cancer.
Findings raise concern for femoral acetabular impingement, right much greater than left.
No significant abnormality. No specific evidence of infection.
No significant change in referenced lesions.  Stable metastatic disease of the left axilla, lung, liver, and bones.
Benign calcifications of the left breast and stable benign morphology masses bilaterally. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
Abscess in the left aspect of the retropharyngeal space of nasopharynx and empyema in the retropharyngeal space of the naso- and oropharynx, with mildly effaced but patent naso- and oropharynx and partially effaced left parapharyngeal space. 
No significant abnormality.
Ill-defined retroperitoneal mass with invasion of the body of the pancreas as described above.  Metastatic lung nodules.  Peritoneal carcinomatosis.  Retroperitoneal adenopathy and left-sided hydronephrosis.
Grade 1 hydronephrosis of the right kidney.*SFU grading system: Grade 0: No hydronephrosis. Grade 1: The renal pelvis is visualized. Grade 2: A few but not all of the calices are identified in addition to the renal pelvis. Grade 3: Virtually all the calices are seen. Grade 4: Grade 3 and parenchymal thinning. **SFU grading system retrovesical ureter: Grade 0: No ureteral dilatation. Grade 1: Ureter less than 7 mm. Grade 2: Ureter is 7-10 mm. Grade 3: Ureter is over 10 mm. Fernbach SK, Maizels M, Conway JJ. Ultrasound Grading of Hydronephrosis: Introduction to the System used by the Society for Fetal Urology. Pediatric Radiology (1993) 23: 478-480.***Rosenbaum DM, Korngold E, Teele RL. Sonographic Assessment of Renal Length in Normal Children. AJR Am J. Roentgenol (1984) 142:467-469
1. No sclerotic or lytic lesion seen on radiographs of the ankle.2. No acute fracture or malalignment.
Near complete resolution of previously noted multiple bilateral cervical adenopathy.
Small cortical-based left upper pole lesion seen on CT scan 2013 is not visible by ultrasound.
Probable liver laceration as described above. Healing fractures involving the left ribs and right iliac bone.
Progression of metastatic disease with reference lesions previously identified stable however new pulmonary lesions compatible with new sites of metastatic disease.
1.Small hypermetabolic pituitary lesion. This is nonspecific but could represent a benign pituitary adenoma.2.Otherwise no suspicious FDG avid lesion. Specifically, the sclerotic spine foci are not hypermetabolic, favoring a benign lesion / healed metastasis.
Findings are compatible with multiple dural metastases.
Multiple sternal screws are partially or completely backed out of the plate device. This is a change when compared to the exam of 8/30/2016, where all but one of the screws appear in expected location, but appear unchanged when compared to the postoperative film of 9/3/16 at 11:17 hours with the exception of the upper right screw in the lower plate which is now situated within the soft tissues.
"1. No perfusion defects/ ""ischemia"" present during induced hyperemia.2. No prior myocardial infarction. The entire myocardium is viable.3. The left ventricle is severely dilated with severely reduced systolic function. LVEF 18%. The systolic dysfunction is global. 4. The right ventricle is severely dilated with severely reduced systolic function. RVEF 17%.5. Severe biatrial dilation.6. Normal Native T1 myocardial relaxation time is <1050 ms suggestive of absence of underlying diffuse fibrosis or infiltration.7. No right ventricle thrombus on contrast imaging."
Interval enhancement in the size of the heterogeneous right lobe mass enhancing at the arterial phase and washing out of the portal venous phase and suspicious for a hepatocellular carcinoma.  The distal portal vein may be thrombosed.  Small satellite lesion in the right lobe.
Peripheral location of Swan-Ganz catheter. 
Normal examination.
1.No significant interval change in size of the multifocal left maxillofacial region tumor deposits, as well as the perineural tumor extension into the left middle cranial fossa. 2.Significantly improved patchy opacity in the right upper lung. Please refer to the separate chest CT report for additional details.
1.	Slight decrease in the size of the hepatic lesion in the background of fatty liver.2.	No evidence of new disease.
Benign fibroadenoma and calcifications of the left breast. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, left unilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
No evidence of acute intracranial abnormalities.  Mild soft tissue swelling with very small radiopaque foreign body in the right superior orbital rim.
No signs of metastatic disease.
A cystic lesion is evident centered along the superior aspect of the mid left hippocampal body. This lesion is too far posterior to represent a choroidal fissure cyst, and the location and orientation are not appropriate for a hippocampal sulcus remnant cyst. Instead, it appears that the lesion may be intraventricular in origin, possibly representing an arachnoid cyst or a choroid plexus cyst.
Worsening bronchopneumonia. Enlarging multi-loculated air and fluid collection in the left hemithorax; though the air could be iatrogenic, infection within the pleural space cannot be excluded.
Unchanged position of shunt catheters, however the size of the ventricles has increased.
1.  Physiologic calcifications of the basal ganglia with no intracranial mass or abnormal enhancement to suggest metastatic disease. 2.  Posttreatment changes of the soft tissue neck with no mass or abnormal enhancement to suggest tumor recurrence.  The findings are stable when compared to the previous study performed on 9/12/09. 
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
Slightly improved right pleural effusion and pulmonary edema pattern.
Right upper extremity PICC terminates in the SVC.
1.No evidence of a perirectal abscess as clinically questioned. 2.Moderately distended stool-filled rectum.
1. Signs of pulmonary hypertension, but no evidence of pulmonary embolus.2. Signs of cardiomyopathy as detailed in the body of the report, with congenital right ventricular diverticuli and question of incomplete muscular ventricular septal defects, correlate for with prior surgical history. Dr. Mulliken verbally notified at 10:03 AM on 9/23/2015. Unable to exclude sinus of Valsalva aneurysm; image reconstructions have been requested and an addendum to this report will be provided when the images are available.3. Variant ventral course of the inferior vena cava and prominent venous drainage to the SVC via the azygos and hemiazygos system as detailed in the body of the report.4. Partial absence of the pericardium; this carries a risk of left atrial appendage strangulation. Dr. Mulliken notified via email.5. Cardiology consult recommended.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
Interval increase in multiple lung nodules and dominant mass measurement.
Small vessel disease of indeterminate ages. If there is continued clinical concern for acute ischemia, MRI would be recommended.
1.Marked interval increase in right hemithorax mesothelioma tumor volume.2.Right mediastinal tumor invasion, with increasing mass effect on the SVC, trachea, esophagus, right atrium, and pulmonary veins.
1. Expected postsurgical changes of right frontal craniotomy for resection of previously seen nonenhancing infiltrative and partially cystic neoplasm. There appears to be gross total tumor resection. There are areas of FLAIR hyperintensity surrounding the resection cavity which may represent postoperative edema with small component of residual tumor not excluded. 2. There is small areas of restricted diffusion compatible with cytotoxic edema inferior and to a lesser degree lateral and superior aspects of the resection cavity which may transiently enhance on follow-up studies.
No significant change from previous study.
Normal-appearing right knee without findings to account for the patient's pain. If further evaluation is clinically warranted, MRI may be considered.
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Slight decrease in thoracic kyphosis.
1.Interval placement of pancreatic stent with resolution of pancreatic ductal dilatation. Faint uncinate process hypoattenuation compatible with mass as above.2.High density fluid collection posterior to the prepyloric antrum suggestive of hemorrhage, new from recent outside prior CT. There is also free air in the superior posterior perirenal fascia, decreasing from prior study of unclear etiology.3.Findings were communicated by on call resident to general surgery service on 7/17/2015 00:00.
Decreased perihilar pulmonary opacities, compatible with improving pulmonary edema.
Mild to moderate scattered degenerative changes largely involving distal articulations
No interval change. Small, nodular density on the liver surface of uncertain etiology is stable. 
Basilar opacities represent subsegmental atelectasis without evidence of infection or edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute fracture. Small hematoma in the soft tissues anterior to the proximal tibia.
1.No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage, mass effect or edema. CT is insensitive for the early detection of acute nonhemorrhagic cerebral infarction.2.Periventricular and subcortical white matter lesions of a mild degree are nonspecific. At this age they are most likely vascular related. 3.Status post ventriculostomy tube placement. The lateral ventricles appears stable compared to the prior MRI exam.
No fracture or malalignment.
1. Severe aortic valve calcification 2. Thoracic aortic anatomy as above. 3. Severely tortuous brachiocephalic vessels. 4. Severely sigmoid septum associated with severe systolic anterior motion of the mitral leaflets. 5. Aortic valve leaflet greater than left main height.  6. Resting myocardial perfusion defect in LAD territory.  7. Biatrial enlargement.  8. Moderate to severe posterior mitral annular calcification. 9. Severe coronary artery calcification. 10. Mild pulmonary artery dilation. This portion of the report pertains to the heart and great vessels only. The remaining soft tissues of the thorax and upper abdomen will be interpreted by the attending chest radiologist and included as an addendum to this report. The abdomen/ pelvis CTA will be reported separately. 
1.	No evidence of pulmonary metastasis.2.	Cirrhotic liver with several large liver lesions compatible with patient known history of cirrhosis and HCC post trans-arterial chemoembolization.3.	Soft tissue nodule lateral to the right liver lobe compatible with metastasis no significant change compared to recent MRI, however has significantly increased in size compared to CT on 5/11/2010.
No acute intracranial abnormality or specific evidence of a mass lesion. Noncontrast exam is insensitive to early detection of infectious or neoplastic process. I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1. Multilobar bilateral clustered perilymphatic micronodules associated with borderline bilateral hilar lymphadenopathy; constellation of findings highly suggestive of pulmonary sarcoidosis. Correlate with patient's history.
1.  Evidence of metastatic pancreatic carcinoma, as described above.2.  Thickening of the descending and sigmoid colon may be due to acute colitis or related to abnormal lymphatic drainage in the setting of retroperitoneal disease.3.  Nonspecific gallbladder wall thickening.  If clinical concern for acute cholecystitis, ultrasound is recommended.
1.No acute pulmonary embolus. 2.Bronchial wall thickening, patchy air space and ground glass opacity and small right pleural effusion on background of emphysema. The findings are nonspecific and could be due to aspirate or infection. Given the patient's age and presumed smoking history, follow up to resolution is recommended to exclude malignancy.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
No significant abnormality.
Elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with underlying volume loss in the left lung and left basilar atelectasis. No specific evidence of infection.
1.Dilated pancreatic duct to the level of the ampulla of unclear etiology. Follow-up is suggested.2.Renal column of Bertin probably the cause of the abnormality seen on ultrasound.
Bilateral mild hallux valgus deformity without underlying fractures.
No signs of pulmonary metastases.  Aspiration bronchiolitis left lower lobe.  Mildly enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes are unchanged compared to the most recent previous comparison study, but have slowly increased in size since 2008, possibly reactive due to recurrent aspiration but not specific.
Worsening bilateral basilar subsegmental atelectasis. Persistent signs of pulmonary edema.Moderate bilateral pleural effusions.Known left upper lobe cavitary and solid pulmonary nodules are poorly visualized.
1. Post surgical of a right lower lobectomy changes without suspicious pulmonary nodule present. Scattered small mediastinal lymph nodes.2. Left adrenal nodule, unchanged, probably benign. 
Minimal chronic pansinusitis.
No interval change.  Small pericardial effusion.  Micronodules right lung.  Small pericardial effusion.  Gynecomastia.
1. NG feeding tube with its tip projecting over the gastric cardia, unchanged.2. Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.
Status post cholecystectomy with common bile duct measuring up to 7 mm. 
1.Fluid within the uterine cavity, greater than expected for age, likely correlates with the patient's known endometrial carcinoma.2.Mildly enlarged right obturator lymph node with calcifications. Metastatic disease is not excluded.3.No other sites of metastasis identified.
No radiographic evidence of foreign body.Findings discussed with Dr. Alverdy at 00:45 on 5/28/2016
Interval progression of disease with multiple disease measurements given above.  Apparent cavitation of area of infiltrate in the left lobe as described above.
No acute interval change.
1.Technically adequate exam without evidence of acute pulmonary embolus.2.Large left and moderate right pleural effusions with overlying compressive atelectasis.3.Worsening and diffuse metastatic disease involving the lungs, peritoneum, hepatic, and mediastinal lymph nodes, as above.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Negative. 
Stable loculated fluid collection arising from the surface of the right hepatic dome. This lesion would be unusual for a metastatic focus and a benign postoperative collection is favored. Stable complex left adnexal cyst. Otherwise unremarkable examination without evidence for metastatic process.
1.  Post radiation changes in the right lung as described above with no evidence of new disease.2.  Slightly decreased right hilar lymph node.3.  No evidence of metastatic disease in the abdomen/pelvis.
Enteric tube with tip projecting over the proximal gastric body, but with side-port projecting over the gastroesophageal junction. The tube should be advanced 3 to 5 cm.
1.  Slightly decreased left upper lobe nodule, with decreased left pleural effusion.2.  Decreased anterior and nodular pleural thickening in the left hemithorax consistent with metastatic disease.
No significant abnormalities. 
Multifocal bilateral nodular opacities are overall not significant changed and demonstrate a mixed response to therapy.Interval decrease in size of areas of consolidation in the right lower lobe and left upper lobe.
No pneumothorax following right thoracentesis.
1. Unchanged numerous small lymph nodes throughout the neck, without pathologic features. 2. Axillary lymphadenopathy.  Please see report for body CT for detail.
No evidence of  trauma-related injury.
Successful needle localization of the right breast mass and clip.BIRADS: 6 - Known cancer.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter. I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.  Persistent mild circumferential thickening in region of GE junction.  No evidence of recurrent gastric herniation.2.  Other findings as above.
Severe micrognathia with mature appearing right condylar fusion to right temporal bone and partial fusion at left temporomandibular joint condylar fossa where there is some pseudo-articulation with the right sphenoid bone.  Question of some prior surgery.  No evidence of associated auriculoaural atresia or midface hypoplasia.There is resultant severe malocclusion as detailed above as well as retroglossoptosis without complete airway occlusion.Unremarkable appearance of intracranial contents.
1.	No evidence of recurrent or residual disease.2.	Mild pelvocaliectasis in transplant kidney unchanged.3.	Overall, stable exam.
1. Surgical changes of the left kidney. No evidence of recurrent disease.2. Stable superior segment right lower lobe nodule with reference measurements listed above.3. Unexpected finding of groundglass opacities involving the superior segment right lower lobe. Infection versus inflammation is favored. Finding was reported to Dr. Szmulewitz via telephone on 11/3/2016 at 15:33.
Unremarkable noncontrast CT scan brain
1.  No specific findings to account for the patient's abdominal pain.2.  Small lucent and sclerotic bone lesions in the pelvis are most likely benign; however given history of prostate cancer, these are indeterminate and correlation with prior imaging is recommended.  If no prior imaging is available, bone scan is recommended for further evaluation.
The above findings are consistent with CHF.
1. Index right lower lobe mass and left upper lobe nodule are slightly smaller in size.  New subcentimeter nodules in the left lower lobe.  Stable septal thickening and centrilobular nodules suggestive of lymphangitic tumor spread.2. Interval development of ground glass opacities in the right lower lobe, which may be infectious or post-inflammatory in etiology.3. Status post cystectomy with ileal conduit and status post colostomy. Stable peritoneal carcinomatosis and retroperitoneal adenopathy.4. Focal thickening of the ileocecal valve is of uncertain significance.  Please correlate with patient's history and need for endoscopy.5. Fluid collection in the left lower quadrant adjacent to small bowel may represent lymphocele, seroma, or hematoma.  6. Stable skeletal metastases.
Stable right thyroid nodule.
1.	No evidence of recurrence of disease in the neck.2.	Unremarkable CT of brain.
1.Interval further increased size of the lateral and third ventricles as well as the CSF space/fourth ventricle along the residual heterogeneous posterior fossa mass.2.Stable left frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter, although now with areas of parenchymal hemorrhage and associated vasogenic edema in the left frontal lobe parenchyma.3.Trace intraventricular blood products layering in the right occipital horn.4.Increased conspicuity of low density in the right frontal deep white matter, relating to previous ventriculostomy catheter tract probable transependymal flow of CSF along this path.Dr. Yang text paged these findings to Dr. Ashley Ralston on 9/25/2015 5:10 PM.
No large pneumothorax. Stable pleural effusions and dense pulmonary opacities.
Right total knee arthroplasty in anatomic alignment.
A small retention cyst in the left maxillary sinus, otherwise unremarkable paranasal sinuses study.
Left total knee arthroplasty in near-anatomic alignment.
Basilar atelectasis possibly from aspirated secretions. ET tube tip approximately 5 cm above the carina.
Progression of disease with new hepatic metastases.
1.  Overall, grossly stable configuration of osseous structures within the distal spine, with essentially absence of the distal lumbar and sacral spine secondary to chronic osteomyelitic changes. Overall, soft tissue abnormalities also appear similar to that of the prior MRI, including prominent air-filled soft tissue tract emanating from a known ulcer. Findings favor chronic active osteomyelitis, although a focal area of acute osteomyelitis may be present along the right iliac wing, as focal osseous defects and areas of scattered periosteal reaction are noted.  Evaluation for acute osteomyelitis would be better achieved with a nuclear medicine exam or MRI.  2.  Scattered foci of air within the bony spinal canal at the lumbar levels, likely within the epidural space.  Spinal canal contents is incompletely evaluated on this exam.
Negative head CT for age.
Minimal small vessel ischemic strokes of indeterminate age is suspected.  CT is insensitive for detection of any ischemic strokes.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually. Tomosynthesis may be of benefit, especially given the patient's breast density. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
Calcified granuloma in right lung. No other significant findings.
No acute or recurrent abnormalities. See reference nodules and measurements above
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography. 
Limited study due to patient body habitus and positioning. 1.Bilateral increased renal echotexture compatible with medical renal disease. No evidence of hydronephrosis.2.Increased echogenicity and nodularity of the imaged liver, compatible with cirrhosis.
Dobbhoff tube is coiled overlying the gastric fundus.
Soft tissue injury.
1.  No pulmonary embolism.  2.  Cardiomegaly, right ventricular dysfunction, and pulmonary arterial hypertension.
No evidence of disease recurrence.  No significant interval change.
Enteric tube as above.Dilated small bowel with relative paucity of bowel gas distally in colon, a developing or partial SBO cannot be excluded and clinical correlation/continued follow up recommended.
Right middle lobe opacity on a background of bronchial wall thickening and large lung volumes. Atelectasis or pneumonia are considerations.
Occluded TIPS. Hepatosplenomegaly, cirrhotic liver morphology. Ascites.
No significant abnormalities. 
Mildly prominent thyroid gland, without suspicious features or nodules.
No pneumothorax following chest tube removal.
Normal CT of brain without infusion.
Nonspecific colonic dilatation possibly colonic ileus. Minuscule amount of free fluid in the pelvis. No small bowel obstruction.  Pancreatic lesions unchanged.  Other findings as above.
1.The patient is status-post anterior and posterior fusion at L5-S1 with right-sided facetectomy as well as right-sided laminotomies at L4-5, L3-4, L2-3 and L1-2 . Findings suggestive of some of these surgeries and more recent.2.There is bilateral encroachment of exiting nerve roots at L5-S1 bilaterally as well as at L1-L2 bilaterally.3.Findings suggest moderate spinal stenosis at L3-4 and L1-2. The possibility that this appearance may be due to scar formation or edema/inflammation from recent surgery cannot be excluded. A follow-up exam may be of benefit to further evaluate.
1.Status post stent assisted embolic coil occlusion of a vertebrobasilar junction giant aneurysm and embolic occlusion of the left vertebral artery (LVA) distal to the PICA. There is 2mm residual filling of the aneurysm at the neck of the RVA component of the aneurysm. The left PICA is not readily identified which may be a result of the field strength of the magnet. If there are referable clinical symptoms a CTA or conventional angiography may be useful.2.The overall dimensions of the aneurysm and the mass effect remain stable compared to the prior exam. The ventricles are stable.3.Stable size of LICA cervical segment dissecting aneurysm. Difference in filling pattern may be due to difference in field strength of the magnet. At some point a CTA or conventional angiography may be useful to further assess this.4.No evidence for acute ischemic cerebral infarction.
Status postcholecystectomy without evidence of complication.  
Treatment related changes without evidence of local recurrence or lymphadenopathy.
1.  Postoperative changes from aortic arch replacement with reimplantation of the arch vessels.  There are pseudoaneurysms arising from the the left subclavian artery anastomosis and the distal aortic anastomosis, as described.2.  New type B aortic dissection originating at the distal aortic graft anastomosis extending for approximately 4 cm.3.  Left common carotid artery dissection with marked associated narrowing of the true lumen and multiple foci of thrombus within the artery distal to the dissection flap.4.  Large thrombus at the origin of the right common carotid artery.5.  Colonic wall thickening and hyperemia compatible with colitis.  In the postoperative period this is highly suspicious for an ischemic etiology.  No thrombi are evident within the mesenteric vessels and there is no associated intramural or intraperitoneal air.6.  Thrombus within the distal aorta to OM2 venous graft. Postoperative changes from LIMA to LAD graft; however, the graft vessel is diminutive and poorly opacified in multiple segments.7.  Left inguinal catheter appears extravascular.8.  Anasarca with diffuse soft tissue edema, right pleural effusion, and ascites.
No interval change in line position or pulmonary findings.
1.	Extensive age indeterminate small vessel ischemic strokes.2.	No acute intracranial process.  CT is insensitive for early detection of acute nonhemorrhagic ischemic strokes.
Diffuse mottled appearance with multiple presumed lucencies within the distal femur and proximal tibia. Given that the patient's recent CT study did not show osseus irregularities, serial follow-up imaging is recommended to exclude infection or etiologies such as multiple myeloma. Findings were discussed by telephone with the ordering physician Dr. Choi at 10:15 AM on 3/19/2016.
Soft tissue swelling otherwise normal brain CT.
No evidence of metastatic disease.  Decreased size of the left thyroid lobe hypoattenuating lesion.  Stable left chest wall fat containing mass.  Stable splenic artery aneurysm.
No significant acute abnormality.
Slight interval increase in size of right external iliac lymph node of unclear significance.  Stable bony metastatic disease.  Stable fatty infiltration of liver.
Normal examination.
Negative CT of brain and calvarium.
Mild soft tissue swelling without radiographic evidence of acute fracture or malalignment.
No fracture, malalignment or other findings to account for the patient's pain.
1. Unremarkable head CT.2. No evidence of mass or lymphadenopathy in the neck.  
Healing left clavicular fracture.
1.	No acute intracranial findings.  CT however is insensitive for detection of acute nonhemorrhagic ischemic strokes.2.	Extensive periventricular and subcortical low attenuation of white matter without producing mass effect grossly similar to prior study.3.	Mildly prominent supratentorial ventricular system with slight interval worsening since 2012, prominence of cerebellar and vermian folia are all suggestive of underlying parenchymal volume loss.
1.	Left supraclavicular peripheral nerve catheter has been retracted over the interval, with the tip now located in the soft tissues about the left scalene musculature.2.	Right paraesophageal mass is again noted, which abuts the esophagus but could originate from lung or pleura given its location.  The differential diagnosis includes a right lung carcinoma, as well as less common entities, such as solitary fibrous tumor of the pleura, and carcinoid.Findings discussed with ordering provider by phone (Kristy Todd, PA for thoracic surgery) who will in turn discuss with her medical team.
1.	Acute left maxillary and anterior ethmoid sinusitis.2.	Preseptal periorbital edema on the left.3.	Slight prominence of left inferior rectus muscle as detailed.4.	Unremarkable retro-orbital fat.
Mild pulmonary edema not significantly changed.
1.	Negative unenhanced brain CT.2.	Findings were conveyed to the emergency department at the time of interpretation.
1.	Slight decrease in the size of a pulmonary nodule and abdominal/pelvic lymphadenopathy
Stable examination without definite evidence of metastatic disease
Unremarkable study.
The umbilical venous catheter tip in the right atrium.
1. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or skull fracture.2. Findings suggestive of acute sinusitis.
1.	No evidence of recurrent disease.
Resolving pulmonary edema pattern.
Evidence of a previous granulomatous disease.  No interstitial or parenchymal pulmonary disease identified.
1.	No specific evidence of metastatic disease.2.	Stable hypodense lesion in the tail of the pancreas.3.	Stable right middle lobe nodule. 
Slightly limited examination with left lung volume loss and new left lower lobe streaky atelectasis.
Limited examination due to motion. OG tube projects over over the gastric antrum. Dobbhoff tube projects over the gastric fundus although tip is not clearly visualized.
No evidence of pneumothorax. Increasing mid to lower zone opacities in the setting of mild motion artifact is suspicious for edema. Persistent small right pleural effusion.
Normal-appearing mandible without findings to suggest osteomyelitis.
Encephalomalacia in the right basal ganglia with no acute findings.
No acute intracranial hemorrhage.  Nonenhanced CT is insensitive for the detection of acute non-hemorrhagic CVA.
Right medial unicompartmental knee replacement in near-anatomic alignment.
No evidence for acute, inflammatory, or neoplastic process.
No vestibular penetration or tracheal aspiration.Please see the speech and language therapist's report for feeding recommendations.
1.  Mild septal thickening and scattered areas of ground glass opacities most prominently involving the upper lobes is nonspecific, but can be seen with sarcoid.  2.  Extensive mediastinal and hilar lymphadenopathy is consistent with the patient's history of sarcoid.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No specific signs of metastatic disease. No measurable mass. Mildly prominent tracheoesophageal lymph node is not in the expected distribution for nodal metastases of a GE junction lesion, more likely to be benign than malignant and may be monitored on subsequent studies.
Bony changes of sickle cell disease and right total hip arthroplasty without acute fracture.
Bilateral knee effusions with medial meniscal abnormalities greater on the right, see detail provided.
Evolving subacute large right middle cerebral artery territory infarct with no significant change in gyriform areas of hyperattenuation likely reflecting combination of petechial hemorrhages and laminar necrosis. No frank hematoma formation. There is slight improvement in mass effect associated with the infarct.
Stable cirrhotic morphology without mass or ductal dilatation. Patent portal vessels with normal directional flow. Mild ascites. Cholelithiasis without acute inflammation.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
Infrarenal aortic and left common iliac ectasia is minimally increased compared to prior.  Continued follow-up is recommended.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
The lesion seen on yesterday's exam the right high convexity is again seen and shows associated enhancement.  Findings are consistent with dural metastatic disease.  No mass in the overlying soft tissues or calvarial lesion identified.
Normal examination.
Unchanged left pleural effusion and lung opacities.
Normal
Enteric tube with tip projecting over the proximal gastric body and sidehole at or near the gastroesophageal junction. Consider advancing by about 8 cm. Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern. 
Overall interval progression of disease with reference measurements given above.
Stable postsurgical changes with residual sphenoid sinus disease.
Lobar and subsegmental atelectasis.
Lumboperitoneal shunt without evidence of discontinuity or kinking.
COPD without specific evidence of infection.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities identified without interval change. 
No pneumothorax. Low lung volumes with mild pulmonary edema.
Findings compatible with a right parietal lobe cavernous malformation. 
15 x 16 mm groundglass nodule right middle lobe; this is consistent with a bronchoalveolar carcinoma and if not surgically resected, a 3 to 6 month follow up is recommended as remotely possible is asymptomatic infection.
Stable examination. Aortic valve calcification.  Coronary artery calcification.No evidence of acute or metastatic process.
Widening of the medial tibiotalar gutter, compatible with deltoid ligament injury and instability, and distal fibular fracture.
1. No evidence of acute intra-abdominal process. No evidence of obstruction.2. Multiple hypo and hyperdense lesions of the right kidney which are too small to fully characterize.
1.  No evidence of main pulmonary arterial or ascending thoracic aortic dissection.   2.  The main pulmonary artery is dilated, measuring approximately 4.9 x 5.3 centimeters (nonorthogonal dimension).
1. No pulmonary embolus.2. Bi basilar atelectasis.3. Stable bilateral pulmonary micronodules.4, Free intraperitoneal air, consistent with recent G-tube placement.
Unremarkable thyroid ultrasound. No discrete thyroid nodule.
1.  Right frontal parenchymal hematoma.  Epidural and subdural hemorrhage in posterior cranial fossa.  No significant interval change.2.  Hypodense white matter lesions in the left parietal lobe are unchanged, probably also related to the recent traumatic injury.3.  Occult left temporal bone fracture, and occipital bone fracture redemonstrated.4.  Narrowing of bilateral transverse sinuses secondary to extrinsic compression from hemorrhage and air.  No evidence of venous sinus thrombosis.
1.	 Right frontal/periorbital soft tissue scalp injury.  No acute intracranial abnormality.2.	 Extensive chronic deformity of the cervical spine is again seen, grossly similar to the prior MRI examination.  No evidence of an acute fracture or malalignment is seen.
No evidence of fracture or dislocation.
1.No hydronephrosis in the right kidney.
ET tube tip 2 cm above carina
Mild thickening of the right tympanic membrane.No evidence of cochlear malformation or vestibular aqueduct enlargement.
1.	Negative nonenhanced head CT for metastatic disease.2.	Mild age indeterminate small vessel ischemic strokes.3.	Follow-up with an MRI or enhanced head CT to exclude possibility of small metastatic lesions which can be missed on nonenhanced head CT.
Normal examination.
1.No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage, mass, or acute infarct.2.Unchanged mild asymmetric prominence of the right cerebellopontine angle cistern likely relates to a small arachnoid cyst.3.Prominent paranasal sinus thickening/opacification involving the right maxillary sinus, ethmoid air cells, and sphenoid sinus. Please correlate clinically.
No sign of metastatic disease.
Diffuse consolidation involving several segments of the right lung consistent with pneumonia.
1.	Stable postsurgical changes in the left aspect of the neck without evidence to suggest tumor recurrence.  No evidence of lymphadenopathy in the neck.2.	Stable 8mm lytic focus in the left greater wing of the sphenoid.3.	Biapical pulmonary micronodules with fullness in the right hilum.  Please refer to CT chest from same day for further details and additional findings.
1.2 small loculated fluid collections in the pelvis. 2.Possible additional loculated fluid abutting suture line.3.Small volume ascites. 4.Loculated fluid collection left anterior pelvic wall. Correlate to rule out infected fluid collection.
No evidence of recurrent or new malignant disease
1.Multiple benign-appearing liver cysts are unchanged. Complex cyst versus giant biliary hamartoma demonstrates interval decrease in size.2.No significant change in the pancreatic tail cystic lesion likely communicating with a normal caliber main pancreatic duct and representing a side-branch IPMN versus less likely a serous cystadenoma. No suspicious post-contrast enhancement.
Interval minimal improvement in left-sided pneumothorax.
CHF. 
Large soft tissue mass arising from and expanding the right kidney with mass-effect on the liver and IVC. Invasion of the IVC cannot be excluded on this study, and repeat ultrasound may be helpful. Two 1.6-cm soft tissue masses medial to the right kidney probably represent enlarged lymph nodes.
1. Postsurgical changes of prior endoscopic sinus surgery with minimal scattered mucosal thickening as described above and right maxillary sinus mucus retention cyst. Maxillary sinus mucosal thickening is improved since prior study from 10/30/2014.2. Nasal septal defect as before.
Cardiomegaly without acute edema or pneumonia, nor sizable pleural effusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities without interval change. No specific evidence of infection. 
Edema and pleural effusions, but no reliable evidence of pneumonia and no interval change.
No focal lung opacities.
Improving pleural fluid and atelectasis.
1.	Increase in the size of the liver lesions.2.	Increase in the size of the portacaval lymphadenopathy.
No CT evidence of intracranial metastasis. No acute intracranial abnormality.
No significant abnormality.
1. Grossly no change of the size and configuration of 8 mm sized right distal ICA fusiform looking aneurysm [0.5 mm sized discrepancy could be regarded as measurement error, however, clinical correlation is recommended].2. No interval change of maximum diameter and configuration of smaller aneurysm proximal to the fusiform aneurysm [1.6 mm].3. No other aneurysm was seen, no stenosis.
No acute fracture or malalignment.
No evidence of pneumothorax.
Left subclavian dual-chamber pacemaker remains unchanged. No pneumothorax.
1.  Unremarkable CT exam of the head.2.  Findings consistent with base of tongue carcinoma on the right which is decreased in size from the previous study.  There are again multiple necrotic lymph nodes involving the jugular digastric and posterior triangle regions bilaterally, which is also decrease in the previous study.  The findings are suggestive of response to treatment.3.  Necrotic soft tissue mass right supraglottic region, as described above.  The findings probably represents pre- thyroid necrotic lymph node.  There is suggestion of interval increase in size when compared to the previous study performed on 3/1/09.
Left total knee arthroplasty
1.The lateral ventricles are stable and non-enlarged.2.Status-post recent craniotomy for anterior communicating artery aneurysm clip placement.3.Hypodensities along the anterior aspect of the right temporal lobe as well as the inferomedial aspects of the frontal lobes, right caudate nucleus and the medial left frontal lobe are present. One possibility includes that this reflects ischemic insult. This is stable since the prior exam.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography.
Resolved gaseous gastric distention.
1.  Mild nonspecific soft tissue thickening and stranding at the right lower face, anterior to the mandible.  The finding is  of uncertain etiology.  This may be related to infectious process.  No discrete mass is seen.  Correlation with clinical evaluation is suggested.2.  Mild mucosal inflammatory changes at the right hiatus semilunaris and right middle meatus.    3.  Mild nonspecific submental adenopathy.
Interval splinting of distal fifth metacarpal fracture now in near anatomic alignment.
No significant abnormality. No specific evidence of infection or edema.
1.No aortic dissection.2.Cirrhosis, with no lesion suspicious for hepatocellular carcinoma. 3.Moderate ascites.4.Cholelithiasis and distended gallbladder and cystic duct. Nonspecific cholecystic fluid given setting of ascites. Ultrasound may be obtained as clinically indicated to evaluate for cholecystitis.5.Complex left upper pole renal cyst. Attention on follow-up.6.Distended urinary bladder containing foci of air, probably secondary to instrumentation. Correlate clinically.
Right total hip arthroplasty with minimal heterotopic bone adjacent to the acetabular component along the superolateral aspect
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
1. Distended gallbladder with pericholecystic fluid and mild inflammatory changes. Findings could represent acute cholecystitis in the appropriate clinical setting.2. Known colovaginal fistula with no evidence loculated fluid collection, bowel obstruction or free air. 3. Indeterminate left adrenal nodule; this can be further evaluated with a dedicated adrenal CT protocol if warranted.
Small bowel obstruction with the transition zone seen in the mid abdomen and small amount of free intraperitoneal fluid as detailed above.  1 cm duodenal polyp.
Normal Lungs.Incompletely imaged left kidney may be abnormal versus phase of contrast and should be followed up with an ultrasound.
Improving pulmonary opacities. Areas of mosaic attenuation are now evident and may be the result of air trapping or hypoperfusion. Moderate loculated left pleural effusion. Left lower lobe/subpleural consolidation should be monitored; correlate for clinical signs of PE.
Heterogenous and enlarged thyroid gland with bilateral nodules as described above. Continued follow-up is recommended.
Endotracheal tube, as above. Diffuse pulmonary opacities, unchanged consistent with edema, diffuse alveolar damage, and/or multifocal pneumonia.
Normal examination.
1.  3 Lesions identified in the liver as described above.  Lesion in the dome of the right lobe liver most likely represents is septated cyst.  Then two additional lesions in segment 6 and caudate lobe are indeterminant.  Dedicated CT liver protocol or MRI Liver protocol is recommended for further evaluation.2. Mild splenomegaly 3. Multiple enlarged lymph nodes seen at the porta hepatis and retroperitoneum. 
Cardiomegaly with CHF pattern, slightly improved from previous. Status post extubation.
Stable soft tissue nodules right thyroid bed.
Unremarkable CT head. 
No acute abnormalities.
No definite evidence of Ewing sarcoma involving the right scapula or right humerus.  These significance of a small sclerotic area in the right humeral head is unknown.  If symptoms persist a PET scan may be helpful.
1.Enhancing hilar mass at the Klatskin point with associated intrahepatic bilobar biliary ductal dilation suspicious for cholangiocarcinoma. Mild thickening of the left, right, and common hepatic bile ducts; periductal tumor spread is not excluded.2.Pancreatic head edema compatible with acute pancreatitis. Complex cystic lesion at the pancreatic head/neck junction communicates with the main pancreatic duct and is most consistent with a pancreatic cystic neoplasm possibly a pseudocyst.
Minimal soft tissue thickening about the proximal tibial tuberosity of the right knee, otherwise normal examination.
Diffuse abnormal wall thickening throughout the colon consistent with pancolitis of either infectious or inflammatory etiology. No bowel obstruction, perforation, or abscess.
No acute intracranial hemorrhage or skull fracture.
1.Surgical sequela of prior prostatectomy. No CT evidence of metastatic disease.2.Mild, streaky infiltration of the mesentery is a nonspecific finding and may be related to old scarring or mild, active mesenteritis.
No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage.  Bilateral proptosis and enlargement of the left extraocular muscles.
No complication related to line placement. Increased bilateral effusions and vascular congestion
1.  Interval decrease in size of paratracheal lymph node mass.2.  Interval increase in size and number of borderline enlarged mesenteric lymph nodes.3.  Interval increase in size of thymus -- thymic rebound.4.  Borderline splenomegaly.
Biopsy proven malignancy in the right breast. Diffuse engorgement and skin thickening of the right breast suggests extensive disease. Breast MRI would be useful in evaluating the extent of the disease.BIRADS: 6 - Known cancer.RECOMMENDATION: T - Take Appropriate Action - No Letter.
1.	Minute interval decrease in the size of lateral ventricles which are within normal limits of size and stable normal size of third ventricle.2.	Stable right-sided posterior temporal approach ventricular catheter and its tip in the medial aspect of left lateral ventricle.3.	No evidence of an acute new findings.4.	Postoperative changes of left frontal -- temporal craniotomy for placement of aneurysm clips in the left parasellar region.
New, but bilateral pleural effusionsInterval increase in the size of the right lower lobe lung lesion.Small/moderate Right psoas and retroperitoneal hematoma.Other findings are unchanged.
1.Well-corticated ossific density which projects just lateral to the right L1 transverse process may be developmental, correlate with clinical examination.2.Fragmentation of the bilateral tibial tubercles without patellar ligament thickening is likely developmental. No acute fracture or malalignment evident.
Bilateral total hip right arthroplasty devices in near-anatomic alignment as described above.
Bilateral subdural collections and pneumocephalus with indwelling catheters as described above.  There is no new areas of acute intracranial hemorrhage.  The overall findings are stable when compared to the previous study performed on 1/30/2010.
Healing fracture in anatomic alignment after cast placement.
Stable pattern of mild chronic ischemic/degenerative change and age related volume loss.  No acute intracranial hemorrhage.
1. No evidence of pulmonary embolism.2.  Right basilar atelectasis/consolidation suggestive of infection, possibly related to aspiration.3.  Enlarged right lower lobe nodule now measures 7 mm.  4.  Enlarging mediastinal lymph nodes.
1. No lymphadenopathy in the abdomen or pelvis2. Prior granulomatous disease3. Mild sigmoid colonic diverticulosis4. Mildly enlarged prostate
1. Surgical changes of high left tibial osteotomy with osteoarthritis of the left knee.2. Relatively mild osteoarthritis affects the right knee.
Malpositioned umbilical venous catheter.
Multiple lytic lesions were identified. No specific evidence of infection or edema. No evidence of a sternal lesion although CT would be more sensitive for this. 
1.	Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age. There is continued clinical concern for acute ischemia, MRI would be recommended.2.	Pansinus opacification of varying degrees is present, some of which appears higher density which can be seen from inspissated secretions or fungus.
1. Postoperative changes again seen from previous L5-S1 posterior fusion, with left-sided instrumentation without evidence of complication. Interbody spacer with minimal ridging bone along the right side.2. Interval progression of mild-moderate spondylotic changes with up to mild-moderate central spinal canal stenosis at L3-L4 and moderate left foraminal narrowing at this level. Left foraminal/far lateral disc osteophyte at this level impinges upon the exiting left L3 nerve root. Trace grade 1 retrolisthesis at this level is unchanged.
Soft tissue swelling about the thumb and findings suggestive of old trauma without acute fracture or dislocation.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Stable examination without significant change in metastatic disease.
1.5.2 x 5.3 x 4.8 cm heterogeneous, complex collection superior to the bladder likely represents an abscess. Correlation with contrast-enhanced CT is recommended.2.Thickened bowel loops.3.Normal kidneys and bladder.*SFU grading system: Grade 0: No hydronephrosis. Grade 1: The renal pelvis is visualized. Grade 2: A few but not all of the calices are identified in addition to the renal pelvis. Grade 3: Virtually all the calices are seen. Grade 4: Grade 3 and parenchymal thinning. **SFU grading system retrovesical ureter: Grade 0: No ureteral dilatation. Grade 1: Ureter less than 7 mm. Grade 2: Ureter is 7-10 mm. Grade 3: Ureter is over 10 mm. Fernbach SK, Maizels M, Conway JJ. Ultrasound Grading of Hydronephrosis: Introduction to the System used by the Society for Fetal Urology. Pediatric Radiology (1993) 23: 478-480.***Rosenbaum DM, Korngold E, Teele RL. Sonographic Assessment of Renal Length in Normal Children. AJR Am J. Roentgenol (1984) 142:467-469
Increasing pulmonary edema.
Subsegmental atelectasis with no specific evidence of aspiration. 
No evidence of bowel obstruction.  However proximal stomach is distended with significant wall thickening and a large size hiatal hernia.  This finding likely explains patient's vomiting.  Further evaluation with upper GI study or upper endoscopy may be helpful.Upper abdominal adenopathy versus splenial, unchanged.Fatty infiltration of the liver and hepatomegaly, unchanged.Dr. Chaput was notified about these findings at the time of dictation.
Minimal irregularity to the physis of the fifth metacarpal may represent a fracture and correlate with physical examination.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Large right psoas and retroperitoneal abscess extending to the right lateral abdominal wall.
1.No specific evidence of malignancy or findings to account for the patient's pain. 2.Degenerative disk disease most prominent at L5-S1. 
1.Findings compatible with a tear of the lunotriquetral ligament.2.The triangular fibrocartilage complex is intact.
Stable subcentimeter pulmonary nodules and low density splenic lesions
Dental caries without osseous erosion.
Degenerative changes as described above.
No significant abnormalities.
1. Progression of metastatic disease with new metastatic foci in the liver.2. Minimal interval increase in left adnexal cyst.
Marked interval progression with new bilateral pulmonary nodules enlargement of previously described disease
Bilateral diffuse lung haziness and right middle lobe opacity, likely atelectasis.Generalized, nonspecific bowel distention.
Large right upper pole renal cyst.  Mild right-sided caliectasis.Multiple liver cysts and small liver lesions which are too small to accurately characterize.Subcentimeter pancreatic cyst.
1. There are multilevel degenerative changes present in the cervical spine with mild degrees of spinal stenosis at C3-4 and C5-6 and multilevel neural foramen encroachment of exiting nerve roots due to uncovertebral osteophytes and disc disease.2. Findings are suspicious for occlusion of the left vertebral artery.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No significant interval change.
1. Predominantly maxillary sinus disease, right greater than left side, with opacification of the left ostiomeatal unit.  Left infundibulum is narrowed by Haller cell.2. Mild to moderate leftward nasal septal deviation with a prominent bony spur.
Normal examination.
Minimal atelectasis bilaterally without pneumonia.
Orthopedic fixation of clavicular fracture as above.
ET tube in satisfactory position. Stable cardiopulmonary appearance with cardiomegaly and pulmonary edema.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, left unilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
Sonographic appearance of the kidneys may be related to HIV nephropathy or other cause of chronic kidney disease. Correlate clinically.
1. Resolution of ascites and bilateral pleural effusions.2. Stable pelvic adenopathy. Mediastinal and subcarinal adenopathy is also present; these lymph nodes could not be assessed on prior examinations as the chest was not included on prior CT exams.3. Equivocal ill-defined nodule in the left kidney which should be followed on subsequent exams.
1. Noncontrast CT of the head demonstrates multiple supratentorial and infratentorial hypodense lesions of indeterminate chronicity as well as volume loss involving the left parietal lobe. These likely relate to chronic ischemic changes, however if there is concern for acute or subacute ischemia, recommend MRI for further evaluation.2. No evidence for intracranial hemorrhage.
Small focus adjacent to the sigmoid colon with central fatty attenuation.  No significant inflammatory changes, fluid collection or abscess is seen.  This is a nonspecific finding.  This does not appear to be an acute process.Considerations include resolving epiploic appendagitis. 
Dobbhoff tube with tip projected over the distal gastric body. Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.
1.	Possible minimal interval decrease in the size of fourth ventricle.  Stable size of dilated supratentorial ventricular system.2.	No evidence of acute new findings.3.	New left-sided EVD insertion.
Anterior shoulder dislocation.Above findings were discussed via telephone with the ordering service at 10:30 PM on 11/02/2015 by the radiology resident on call.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Unchanged left hydropneumothorax, pleural effusions and pulmonary opacities.
1.  Large right tension pneumothorax with mild leftward mediastinal shift.2.  Complete atelectasis of the right lower, middle and majority of the right upper lobes.  Associated dense consolidation on the right and within left lower lobe in the presence of mucus and debris in the right mainstem bronchus, suspicious for aspiration pneumonia.3.  Subcutaneous emphysema concentrated at the thoracic inlet tracking along the posterior chest wall, greater on the right.  This is suspected to be related to barotrauma.  No definite esophageal wall injury identified adjacent to indwelling nasogastric tube.4.  Small pneumomediastinum and trace pneumopericardium.  No pericardial effusion.
1.Nonvisualization of the right hepatic artery and left hepatic vein. Remaining vasculature is grossly patent.2.Splenomegaly.3.Atrophic echogenic left kidney, compatible with medical renal disease.
Unremarkable CT head. Please note noncontrast CT is insensitive to detection of metastasis. 
Large right-sided hydropneumothorax unchanged.
1. No evidence of acute cord compression.2. Developmentally narrowed spinal canal with mild degenerative changes as above.3. A dedicated cervical spine MRI will be dictated separately.
Stable constellation of multi-focal intracranial findings of edema, extra-axial hemorrhage as well as multiple calvarial fractures, opacification of right mastoid air cells secondary to right petrous bone fracture as detailed.  Stable normal size of ventricular system and no evidence of midline shift as was noted on prior exam.
No acute change in cardiopulmonary appearance. Small left pneumothorax unchanged. Minimal pleural fluid on the left.
Low endotracheal tube. Interval development of a large loculated right apical pleural fluid collection consistent with known hemothorax.
No evidence of metastases, or other significant abnormality. Reference should be made to an abdomen and pelvis CT reported separately.
1.  Exam diagnostic to the level of the segmental pulmonary arteries.  No pulmonary emboli are identified.2.  Interval enlargement of the right pleural effusion.  The effusion is now large.3.  Consolidation in the lingula and dependent portion of the left lower lobe.  The appearance is compatible with pneumonia but not entirely specific for etiology.4.  New left-sided pericardial effusion measuring up to 1.5 cm in thickness. 5.  Left-sided central venous catheter terminating in the azygos vein.
1.  Pleural effusions right larger than left, slightly larger than on the prior examination.2.  The right effusion may be slightly loculated, but the right chest tube terminates posterior and inferiorly within the main pleural fluid collection.3.  Pericardial effusion.
No significant interval change.
Interval increase in foci of petechial hemorrhage within the left MCA territory infarct area.  Otherwise, no significant interval change.Findings and impression relayed to Dr. Wilson Cueva 0n 7/31/2010, at 12:15 PM.
Stable examination with unchanged pulmonary micronodules.  None of these would be readily visible by chest radiograph.
Interval right frontal craniectomy with underlying MCA territory encephalomalacia compatible with prior infarct.  No acute abnormality.
Continued healing of both bones fracture of mid forearm.
Stable right thalamic hematoma with no new hemorrhage.
Normal appearance of the kidneys. Probable bladder calculi.*SFU grading system: Grade 0: No hydronephrosis. Grade 1: The renal pelvis is visualized. Grade 2: A few but not all of the calices are identified in addition to the renal pelvis. Grade 3: Virtually all the calices are seen. Grade 4: Grade 3 and parenchymal thinning.Fernbach SK, Maizels M, Conway JJ. Ultrasound Grading of Hydronephrosis: Introduction to the System used by the Society for Fetal Urology. Pediatric Radiology (1993) 23: 478-480.***Rosenbaum DM, Korngold E, Teele RL. Sonographic Assessment of Renal Length in Normal Children. AJR Am J. Roentgenol (1984) 142:467-469
Soft tissue swelling and joint space narrowing at the PIP joint, compatible with an inflammatory process such as infection.
1.	Progression of disease with new hepatic lesions and osseous lesions.2.	New soft tissue mass involving the bladder suspicious for new pelvic disease.
Improving nonspecific patchy opacities in the right lung with no superimposed acute abnormality.
ET tube tip is obscured by overlying endoscope. Interval placement of right IJ central venous catheter tip in the SVC. Interval development of bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar patchy opacities.
1. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage. However, non-contrast CT is insensitive for the detection of non-hemorrhagic acute infarct.2. Findings suggestive of anasarca.
No cervical lymphadenopathy or other evidence of metastases in the soft tissue of the neck.Separately dictated CT of the chest, abdomen, and pelvis.
Resolution of previously demonstrated left lower lobe pneumonia. Clear lungs.
1.Slight narrowing of the nasopharyngeal airway, which appears to related to mild prominence of adenoid tissue. 2.There is frothy mucus within both maxillary sinuses, more severe on the left. 
No focal mass or biliary dilatation to suggest tumor.
Right breast masses with bilateral axillary lymph nodes as described above.CT findings of the liver lesion are not completely compatible with a hemangioma.  MRI may be helpful for further evaluation of this lesion.
Coarse echogenic liver parenchyma consistent with chronic liver disease without mass or ductal dilatation. Stable subcentimeter gallbladder polyp. No ascites.
1.	Stable treatment changes.2.	No evidence of recurrent disease or lymphadenopathy.  Limited exam due to lack of contrast infusion.
1.Complex cystic lesion of the liver continues to decrease in size, possibly representing a large complex cyst or biliary hamartoma.2.Multiple additional liver cysts unchanged with benign characteristics.3.Stable cystic lesion in the pancreatic tail, likely a side branch IPMN or a serous cystadenoma.
Presumed venous thrombosis of the transplant pancreas as noted above.  Findings discussed with Dr. Garfinkel of the transplant surgical service at the time of dictation.
Left upper lobe solid and sub-solid air space opacities, most consistent with pneumonia given the clinical presentation. In an adult patient, follow-up PA and lateral chest radiographs are suggested to confirm resolution of findings and exclude any underlying pathology.
1.  Mild sclerosis involving the T4 and T11 vertebrae.  Similar findings were seen when compared to the prior CT of the chest performed on 11/4/2009 with partial visualization of this region on prior CT lumbar spine performed on 11/4/09.  The findings may reflect posttreatment changes given the patient's history of neuroblastoma.  Cannot rule out metastatic foci.  Correlation with nuclear medicine bone scan is recommended as clinically indicated.2.  Mild posterior exostosis at the T1- T11 disk space with no symptoms or canal narrowing.3.  Status post bilateral pedicle screws and rods from L2 through L4 with post surgical changes and satisfactory alignment.  There is no associated compromise of the central spinal canal.4.  Bony exostosis extending off of the left sacral alae.  Stable when compared to the previous exam.5.  Lucent defect right iliac weighing with subtle defect along the superior endplate of L3 on the left, stable from the previous study.  Previously described L2 and L3 lucent defects are not well seen on the current study and may be related to differences in technique.  Recommend continued follow up as clinically indicated.
Stable extrathyroidal cystic lesion projecting posterior and inferior to the right thyroid gland. No regional adenopathy. No thyroid nodules.
Slight increase in size of right suprahilar mass, best appreciated on the soft tissue windows. Right renal metastasis and a nonindex right lower lobe nodule measure slightly larger.
Progression of mild to moderate degree of basilar predominant pulmonary fibrosis NSIP pattern. NSIP is rarely idiopathic. Common causes of NSIP include drug toxicity, collagen vascular disease, and chronic hypersensitivity pneumonitis.Right aortic arch with mirror image branching. Postoperative changes within the heart/mediastinum likely reflect repair of underlying congenital heart disease.Possible tracheomalacia. Consider correlation with dynamic expiratory CT or bronchoscopy.
1.	Negative head CT.  No acute intracranial abnormality.2.	Chronic left medial and inferior orbital wall blowout fracture. Chronic postoperative changes of left zygomatic arch repair. Chronic left frontoparietal skull deformity likely from prior procedure of uncertain etiology.
Interval progression of UIP pattern seen in rheumatoid arthritis.
Chronic right rotator cuff tear with bilateral primarily glenohumeral degenerative joint disease, left much greater than right.
Interval decreased size of left pelvic soft tissue mass. No new suspicious metastatic lesions are identified. 
1.	No hydronephrosis, renal or ureteral calculi2.	Chronic liver disease, cirrhosis and ascites
1.  Interval increase in size of right renal mass.  A neoplasm must be considered.  Recommend correlation with dedicated renal CT to determine if this lesion demonstrates enhancement.2.  No evidence for adenopathy.
Right peripheral zone prostatic abscess as described above.
COPD/emphysema but no signs of pneumonia. Small focal nodular opacity along the juncture of the fissures on the right lung is new from a recent CT may reflect atelectasis or possibly a small lymph node. This may be conservatively followed with PA and lateral chest radiographs in 3-4 months to exclude growth.
1.  Intraparenchymal subdural and intraventricular hemorrhage with associated mass-effect and midline shift.  Mild interval evolution of parenchymal hemorrhage with slight improvement of the midline shift when compared to the previous exam.2.  Status post ICP monitor placement with mild to moderate ventricular enlargement.  Interval increase in ventricular size when compared to the previous study.
7 mm soft tissue focus in mid right thyroid bed favored to be benign lymph node as described, additional findings as above.
1.Right middle lobe and bilateral lower lobe consolidation suspicious for pneumonia.2.Peripherally enhancing splenic lesion suspicious for abscesses, too small to be accessed percutaneously.3.Cystitis.
No mass, lymphadenopathy or abnormal enhancement. 
1.  Stable appearance of ascites, pleural effusions, basilar air space infiltrates, and anasarca.2.  No evidence of active arterial GI bleeding.3.  Diffuse bowel edema, most severe in the colon.  This is a nonspecific finding on CT with ischemia or infection being the most common etiologies.4.  Infarcted spleen as noted previously.Findings discussed with the clinical service at the time of the exam.
1.Stable right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter terminating near the leftward aspect of the interpeduncular cistern. No evidence of hydrocephalus.2.Unchanged linear area of encephalomalacia is present involving the superior aspect of the left temporal lobe. 
No evidence of pulmonary embolus.
Left sided L2/L3 hemivertebra and lumbar levoscoliosis. Mild disc bulge of the mild and lower lumbar spine. 
1) Left PCA distribution ischemic infarct with no evidence of hemorrhagic transformation, and possibly small infarct in right temporal bone, both appearing similar to the prior study.  2) No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage or findings to suggest new foci of infarct.
1.	Nonspecific soft tissue thickening at the right lateral nasopharyngeal recess is seen in association with asymmetrically prominent right level 2 cervical lymph nodes.  The clinical significance is uncertain.  Correlation with MRI or direct visual examination is recommended to exclude superficial right nasopharyngeal lesion.2.	Unremarkable contrast enhanced brain CT.
Multiple regions of decreased metabolic activity in the left anterior and middle cerebral artery territory compatible with prior infarct/multi-infarct dementia. There is associated crossed cerebellar diaschisis. No PET imaging findings to suggest primary frontotemporal dementia or Alzheimer's disease.
Stable examination.
Improved overall aeration without new focal pulmonary abnormality associated with the known cardiomegaly 
No mammographic or sonographic evidence of malignancy. Palpable lump should be managed clinically. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually starting at age 40. Results and recommendations were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: C - Clinical Correlation Needed.
Probable lacunar infarct involving the left pons of indeterminate age.  No other evidence of acute intracranial abnormality.  MRI would allow more sensitive evaluation for possible ischemic change.
Mild osteoarthritis of the bilateral SI joints. No fracture or malalignment.
Tracheostomy tube tip in left bronchus. Equivocal pneumothorax seen in the anteromedial right lung base though immediate follow up CT shows a hydropneumothorax. Rib fractures. Bibasal opacities.
1.  Continued minimal increase of small AP window reference node.2.  New compression fracture of T7 vertebral body.
No evidence of pulmonary embolus. Lower lobe bronchial wall thickening associated with distal subsegmental atelectasis and hazy opacity, probably the result of bronchiolitis. Additionally, there are probable areas of air trapping in the lower lobes bilaterally with localized airway obliteration, possibly chronic ; consider ILD protocol thoracic CT.Peripherally calcified lesion in the left lower lobe inconclusive, correlate for history of recent dental work and missing tooth/ fragment.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
Stable exam, reference measurements are above
Stable examination
1.  Unchanged exam with no lymphadenopathy the visualized chest or upper abdomen.2.  Above findings suspicious for patent ductus arteriosus.3.  Fatty infiltration of the interatrial septum, which is sometimes associated with cardiac arrhythmia.4.  Hepatomegaly.
1.Chronic opacification of the right maxillary sinus and right sphenoid sinus with hyperattenuating material which could represent fungal elements, inspissated secretions or a combination of the two.2.Redemonstration of multiple areas of bony dehiscence in the bilateral sphenoid sinus walls with the right side affected more than the left.3.Trace paranasal sinus mucosal thickening is seen elsewhere. Findings related to prior endoscopic sinus surgery are demonstrated.
1. A partially-imaged petroclival meningioma that measures at least 5 cm in the left middle cranial fossa extends into prepontine cistern, with marked mass effect upon the left temporal lobe and probable compromise of the regional cranial nerves, including the trigeminal nerve, which may account for difficulty with opening mouth. 2. No evidence of abscess in the neck.3. Focal prominence of lingual tonsillar tissue in the midline may represent lymphoid hyperplasia versus less likely neoplasm. 4. Thyroid gland cysts.
No intracranial mass lesion or any other finding to account for the patient's symptoms.
1.  New left axillary lymphadenopathy.  2.  New osseous metastases.
1.Right inferior pole nodule is new or increased in size, but favored benign given its cystic morphology.2. Other bilateral subcentimeter nodules are stable. 
Bilateral ureters and right-sided collecting system are unremarkable.  Postsurgical changes in the pelvis.  No CT evidence of urethral injury.
No real change without acute abnormalities. No specific evidence of infection.
No evidence of tumor recurrence or pathologic lymphadenopathy.
1. Small chronic infarct in the high left frontal lobe.2. Age indeterminate microvascular ischemic disease.3. No evidence of intracranial flow-limiting stenosis or aneurysm. 4. No evidence of flow-limiting stenosis of the bilateral internal carotid arteries or vertebral artery dissection. 
Stable findings are seen related to metastatic involvement of the right central and posterior skull base and the right craniocervical junction. No new lesions are detected.
Near complete collapse of the left lower lobe likely from mucous plugging with tracheal stent in stable position.
1. Pulmonary interstitial emphysema is again seen with developing pneumatoceles in the right base.2. The endotracheal tube tip is at the thoracic inlet. 
Fractures of the distal radius and ulna as described above.
1.  Stable right upper lobe nodule since 10/27/2009,  likely benign hamartoma or granuloma.  2.  Right-sided pleural thickening with calcifications, subpleural cysts/paraseptal emphysema, and right lung scarlike opacities are also unchanged.
1.No evidence of pulmonary embolism.2.Prominent nonspecific mediastinal lymph nodes.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
The umbilical arterial catheter tip at L2.
1.Severe esophageal dysmotility, gastroparesis, and small bowel ileus with delayed transit time.2.Midline narrowing of the duodenum, probable SMA syndrome.3.Severe spontaneous and provoked gastroesophageal reflux.
1.Brain MRI demonstrated no evidence of recurrence of tumor or to meningeal carcinomatosis. Parenchymal volume loss as detailed. Interval significant improvement of bilateral mastoid air cell opacification with minimal residual.2.Cervical MRI demonstrate no evidence of metastatic disease. Small left disc/osteophyte at T1-T2 level. No spinal stenosis or neural foraminal stenosis. Post operative and radiation changes as detailed.
Enlargement of right submandibular gland and edematous changes of adjacent fascial plane/fat stranding consistent with sialadenitis.  There is no abnormal enhancement or any abscess formation, however presence of air within dilated ducts is noted as detailed.  Close follow-up is recommended.
1.  Multiple new innumerable bilateral lung nodules are suspicious for metastases, over infectious or inflammatory process.2.  Mild soft tissue thickening of the vaginal cuff, mostly unchanged from prior study.3.  Bilateral gonadal vein thrombosis, unchanged.
1.There is subtle sclerosis of the lunate, suggestive of sequelae of ulnar impaction. This can be further evaluated with dedicated wrist MRI if clinically indicated. 2.No acute fracture or malalignment of the left middle finger or left wrist.
1.	No detectable acute posttraumatic intracranial, calvarial or soft tissues of the scalp findings.2.	Moderate to advanced age indeterminate small vessel ischemic strokes.3.	Chronic long-standing left chamber of the sphenoid sinus disease with resultant sclerotic/bony thickening.
Diffuse pulmonary opacities most consistent with pulmonary edema again noted. Increasing left-sided pleural effusion. Persistent dense left lower lobe atelectasis and/or consolidated lung.
1. Slight increase in mediastinal lymphadenopathy consistent with nodal metastases.2. Interval clearing of bronchiolitis.  The remaining nodules which were present previously are not appreciably changed.3.  Localized septal thickening and septal nodules in the right lower lobe new from previous but more likely to be post inflammatory than metastatic, though the latter cannot be completely excluded without follow-up to complete resolution.
1.Stable size of left cerebellar hemorrhagic lesion. Given the time course of treatment, increasing edema and thickened rim of enhancement surrounding the lesion are suspicious for tumor progression, however, the possibility of radiation necrosis cannot excluded.2.Slightly increased mass effect with effacement of the fourth ventricle.3.Additional areas of encephalomalacia unchanged. No new intracranial foci of metastasis.
Stable interval exam without evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease in the chest.
Enteric tube is coiled on itself, with tip likely in the first portion of duodenum.
No evidence of retroperitoneal bleed.  Increasing anasarca and ascites.  Numerous other findings as above.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. The sensitivity of mammography for detecting breast cancer is decreased in patients with dense breasts. Additional screening with automated whole breast ultrasound can be considered as a supplemental tool for cancer detection.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
No drainable fluid collection.Findings compatible with cellulitis as above.
ET tube tip terminates approximately 3 cm above the carina.
LVAD position is not substantially changed compared to last study. New small left pleural effusion. 
No CT findings to explain patient's hematuria.  Air in the bladder.  Correlation with previous history of instrumentation is recommended.  Alternatively there is no previous history of instrumentation air may be secondary to a fistula between gastrointestinal system which is not well seen on CT.Hepatomegaly and fatty infiltration of the liver.  Nonspecific hypodense lesion in the liver and smaller lesions within and around the right lobe of the liver.  MRI may helpful for better characterization of these lesions, as clinically indicated.
A large nodule in each lobe as described above; solid echogenic with possible calcifications and possible ring down.
No intracranial abnormalities with ethmoid and sphenoid sinus disease
No significant abnormality. No evidence of sarcoidosis.
1.Echogenic renal cortices.2.Suboptimally evaluated hypoechoic right upper pole renal focus for which cross-sectional imaging suggested. Patient had pyelonephritis of the right kidney in 2006 in this area this may be result of scarring but has to be further evaluated.
Left upper extremity PICC tip terminates in the SVC.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Status post interval GDA coil embolization procedure.  Faint contrast is seen in the second duodenum on this examination suggesting the source is localized in the proximal duodenum.  See above.  Increased size of mid-pelvic hematoma. Stable fluid collections as noted above. Stable pleural effusions with consolidation or atelectasis. 
No evidence of acute sinusitis.
Normal brain CT.
No no reliable evidence of infection although small lung volumes are present and there may be evolving edema or retrocardiac subsegmental atelectasis. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are identified. No specific evidence of infection.
No acute abnormalities.
Postoperative trace right pleural effusion and minimal atelectasis. No pneumothorax.
Postoperative changes from suboccipital craniectomy for Chiari decompression. Partially visualized large fluid-filled structure posterior to the neoforamen magnum extending caudally along the upper neck soft tissues. This is concerning for pseudomeningocele. Follow-up imaging with MRI is recommended to evaluate full extent of this finding, and its communication with the adjacent CSF space.
1. Recurrent hiatal hernia status post paraesophageal hernia repair.2. Broad based fat containing anterior abdominal hernia.3. Sigmoid and descending colon diverticula without diverticulitis.4. No evidence of right lower back soft tissue mass.Above findings were discussed with Dr. Michael Sjoding at the time of interpretation.
1.Interval posterior instrumented fusion spanning from T10 down to the sacrum and iliac wings. No instrument complications are suspected. An interbody fusion device has also been placed at L5-S1.2.Redemonstrated is evidence of prior interbody fusion from L1-2 through L4-5.3.Previously seen spinal canal stenoses at L4 and L5 has been relieved with laminectomy and posterior decompression. Degenerative findings are otherwise unchanged.
L1 compression deformity appears slightly progressed since 9/25/2016I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.	Interval compression deformities of L3 and L4 vertebral bodies since the prior studies. No evidence of pathologic fracture though. 2.	Multiple scattered nonspecific micronodules.3.	No specific evidence of a primary neoplasm.
A new cluster of coarse calcifications in the left lower inner aspect. Spot magnification views are recommended. BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: EB - Additional Mammo/Ultrasound Workup Required.
1. Widespread hypermetabolic abdominopelvic lymph node metastases and carcinomatosis not significantly changed.2. There is no suspicious FDG avid activity above the diaphragm.
Abnormal focus of uptake posterior to the mid to upper pole of the left thyroid pole is highly suspicious for a parathyroid adenoma. 
No pneumothorax.
No evidence of metastatic disease.
No evidence for worrisome renal mass, obstruction, stone, or acute inflammatory process involving the kidneys. Unremarkable upper collecting systems bilaterally.Very large heterogeneous uterus with multifocal rim calcified masses consistent with large fibroid uterus; however, CT is poor in distinguishing between a heterogeneous benign fibroid uterus and malignant degeneration.Asymmetrical right inguinal adenopathy. If no obvious acute inflammatory/infectious etiology involving the right lower extremity or groin region can be identified clinically, would recommend continued surveillance/workup.
1.  No PE2.  Right apical mass.  Considering patient's background emphysema and prior asbestos exposure, bronchogenic carcinoma is likely.3.  Right upper lobe ground glass opacities may represent superimposed infection.
Large proximal medial right thigh hematoma extends to the groin at the catheter site. This cannot be more precisely localized.  The right femoral vein is markedly compressed within the groin.  No intra-peritoneal extension of the hematoma.  Diffuse skeletal metastases from multiple myeloma.  Small bilateral pleural effusions with associated atelectasis and consolidation.
1.	A thick linear focus of enhancement immediately inferior to the right inferior orbital fissure measuring 7.7 x 8.2-mm coronal images and 20 x 6-mm on axial images as detailed.  Compared to immediate prior exam there is no appreciable change however minimally smaller than prior exam from 10 -- 23 -- 10.  This is study is also compared with multiple prior exams and including the first CT from 2 -- 4 -- 10.  This comparison reveals very minimal change of this finding.  Although recurrence of tumor at this site is suggested possibility of scar tissue at the surgical site should also be considered.2.	Stable extensive postoperative changes of right maxillofacial region and including right pterygopalatine fossa and pterygoid bones.
No acute intracranial abnormality. 
Internal resolution of a right parietal intraparenchymal hematoma since previous study.No interval change of left eyeball and frontal sinus lesion.  
No evidence of metastatic disease to the brain.
1. Minimal increase (compared to 2009) in intra/extrahepatic biliary and main pancreatic duct prominence without a discrete obstructive lesion or radiopaque stone. This is probably physiologic, related to the patient's age and postcholecystectomy state. If further imaging evaluation of biliary/pancreatic duct would be helpful to definitively characterize, MRCP would be recommended.2. Left lower lobe bronchial wall thickening and bronchial impaction may represent aspiration.3. No other significant abnormalities seen to account for patient's symptomatology.
1.  No evidence of acute maxillofacial fractures.2.  Periodontoid disease.3.  Left frontal scalp soft tissue swelling and subgaleal hematoma.4.  Please refer to CT cervical spine for details of the cervical spine.
1.Mild abnormal signal throughout the right hippocampus and questioned mild volume loss within the right hippocampal head may represent mild mesial temporal sclerosis.2.Cerebellar volume loss is nonspecific but may be congenital or secondary to seizure medications. Comparison with prior exams is suggested.
Persistent cardiomegaly, lung vascular engorgement and small bilateral pleural effusions.Disorganized, slightly distended, nonspecific abdominal gas pattern with featureless bowel loops.
Cardiomegaly, and new right upper lobe opacity suggestive of infection.
Findings consistent with a low probability of pulmonary embolism.
1. No significant interval change in severe multilevel spondylosis, with findings most conspicuous at L4-L5 with impingement of the descending right L5 nerve root. Overall moderate central spinal canal stenosis and moderate severe right foraminal narrowing at this level. 2. Additional significant lateral recess narrowing at L3-L4 where there is moderate central spinal canal stenosis with narrowing of the lateral recesses. 3. Severe right foraminal narrowing at L5-S1. Severe left foraminal narrowing at L3-L4.
1. Diffuse increase in hepatic parenchymal echogenicity with coarsened echotexture consistent with fatty liver/hepatic parenchymal dysfunction. No hepatic mass or ductal dilatation identified.2. Small amount of ascites.
1.  No acute intracranial hemorrhage, mass effect, or midline shift. 2.  White matter changes, most likely age indeterminate small vessel ischemic changes.3.  Small age-indeterminate infarct within the left brainstem.  However, it is likely old based on its density.4.  Note that CT is insensitive for the detection of nonhemorrhagic stroke and MRI is suggested if further evaluation for stroke is clinically warranted.
Retrocecal appendix is increased in caliber with minimal periappendiceal fat stranding.  Findings are suggestive of early acute appendicitis. Dr. Trotter from the emergency department notified of findings at 5:10 pm by Dr. Ong.
Very extensive chronic sinus disease of all paranasal sinuses as detailed above and with no appreciable interval change since prior exam from 10 -- 23 -- 2008.
Tracheostomy tube tip just below thoracic inlet.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, left unilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram. 
Small right pleural effusion and no new findings.
1.  No findings to account for the patient's pain.   Please see above discussion on the appendix.2.  Leiomyomatous uterus.
Development of mild pulmonary edema. Dense left lower lobe opacity again noted consistent with atelectasis and/or consolidated lung. Small left pleural effusion.
There is a mild soft tissue thickening present in both middle ears associated with bilateral tympanostomy tubes.  The tympanic membranes appear mildly thickened.  Signs are suggestive be inflammatory in nature.  Possibility of small cholesteatomas cannot be excluded.  There is no osseous erosion. Please correlate with otoscopic findings and prior clinical and surgical history.
CT myelogram demonstrating filling defects in the thecal sac from T2-T3 to the T4-T5 levels as well as T6-T7 to the T8-T9 levels. Recent MRI demonstrates CSF signal within these areas. Overall findings are consistent with arachnoid cysts. Please note there is a possibility that there is only one large contiguous arachnoid cyst with loculations and the component in between demonstrates early contrast fill-in. 
1.	Foci of edema in the right anterior temporal tip with minimal hemorrhage and right anterior -- inferior frontal lobe without hemorrhage and minimal localized right parietal subarachnoid hemorrhage.  Findings are suspected for posttraumatic changes.  Follow-up with an MRI is recommended to exclude extent of injury or additional cause for these findings.2.	Normal size of ventricular system and no midline shift.3.	Negative calvarium.
Focal pyelonephritis versus ill-defined mass at the upper pole left kidney (these may be indistinguishable on a single CT).  Follow-up imaging is advised when this patient's symptoms resolve to confirm resolution of this abnormality.
Scalp contusions without skull fracture or acute intracranial hemorrhage.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Degenerative and chronic posttraumatic changes as described above.
(1) 3.2 cm lobulated enhancing mass in the left breast, corresponding to the findings seen on recent diagnostic workup. An ultrasound-guided biopsy of this mass was subsequently performed and will be reported separately.(2) No MRI evidence for malignancy in the right breast. BIRADS: 4 - Suspicious Abnormality.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
Left-sided opacity has resolved. No new findings.
No fracture or specific findings to explain the patient's pain.
3 mm left inguinal fascial defect without evidence of fat or bowel herniation.
Stable examination.
Disorganized, slightly distended and nonspecific abdominal gas pattern.
Status post DBS placement. No acute intracranial abnormality.
Reduction of the previously seen anterior dislocation of the right shoulder now in anatomic alignment.
1.Bilateral echogenic kidneys consistent with medical renal disease.2.No evidence of hydronephrosis.3.Bilateral anechoic lesions are favored to represent cysts, however some are too small to characterize.
Increased pleural effusions and bibasilar opacities suggestive of atelectasis and edema.
Calcaneal spurs without acute fracture or malalignment.
Diffuse atelectasis bilaterally.
Small plantar calcaneal spur but no specific findings to account for the patient's pain.
1.No specific evidence for metastatic disease. Please refer to the same day bone scan to evaluate the small spine sclerotic foci for activity.2.Nonspecific 6 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. This can be followed on subsequent exams to evaluate for change.3.Findings suggestive of chronic liver disease. Correlation with liver enzymes is suggested.
Normal study.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Multiple nodules in a bronchiolitis pattern are likely due to infection or aspiration rather than metastatic disease.  Short-term CT follow-up may be obtained in 6 to 8 weeks to assess for clearance.
Significant interval increase in disease.  There is interval increase in size and number of pulmonary metastases, thoracic, and abdominal lymphadenopathy, as well as new liver metastases.
1.  No abnormal intracranial enhancement to suggest metastases.2.  Lucency in the right ane left aspect of the occipital bone may represent a large pacchionian granulation or, alternatively, metastasis.  Short term follow up is recommended.
Mild to moderate fecal accumulation with no evidence of obstruction.
1.	No significant interval change in pulmonary nodules and mediastinal lymphadenopathy.  Findings are compatible with metastases.2.	Diffuse multifocal hepatic metastases and abdominal lymphadenopathy.3.	Cecal and ascending colon wall thickening may be due to inflammatory, neoplastic or ischemic change.  Associated pneumatosis.  The appendix is relatively spared.  Adjacent fat stranding.  No abscess or perforation. 
Negative for acute, inflammatory, or neoplastic process.
1.Significant interval reduction in the size of the previously demonstrated left oral tongue, base of tongue and floor of mouth tumor.2.Interval reduction in the size of several reference pathologic lymph nodes.3.Grossly stable left IAC and CP angle tumor which is favored to represent an incidental vestibular schwannoma. Dedicated MR imaging of the brain can be considered for further evaluation. 
The Dobbhoff tube tip has been repositioned and overlies the distal gastric body.Mildly air-distended small bowel loops in the right hemi-abdomen may reflect a partial ileus and less likely early obstruction. 
Mild osteoarthritis without fracture or other abnormality to account for the patient's pain.
Minimal sinus disease otherwise normal brain CT.
ET tube slightly retracted 5 cm above the level of the carina. No interval change in the cardiopulmonary appearance.
Left breast asymmetry for which comparison to prior mammograms is needed.BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: OB - OLD FILM FOR COMPARISON
Stable examination. No evidence for acute, inflammatory, or metastatic process.
Pelvic ascites.  Small pleural effusions.  Perfusional variation in the liver adjacent to the gallbladder fossa that should be followed.  No measurable disease identified.
1.  Symmetric bilateral hilar and mediastinal lymphadenopathy compatible with history of sarcoidosis.2.  Numerous, bilateral cavitary and non-cavitary pulmonary opacities compatible with sarcoidosis although the differential diagnosis includes fungal infection, cryptogenic organizing pneumonia and vasculitis.
Stable mild intra and extra hepatic biliary ductal dilatation. No evidence of cholangiocarcinoma.
Mass in the right posterior thigh remains suspicious for a primary soft tissue sarcoma or metastatic carcinoma and appears to have increased in size relative to the prior exam.
Exam is extremely limited for evaluation of free air due to paucity of bowel gas and patient positioning. If there is continued suspicion for pneumoperitoneum, recommend upright and lateral decubitus radiographs.
Line and tube placement as above. Ileus type bowel gas pattern.
Right mainstem bronchus intubation. No acute change in pulmonary opacities.
Negative CT of brain.
No change in pulmonary opacities and pleural effusions. New esophageal probe. ET tube tip approximately 5 cm above the carina.
1.  Bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with metastatic disease have increased from December 2012 but are stable from March 2013.2.  Bilateral interstitial opacities and nodularity of the pulmonary fissures, suspicious for lymphangitic carcinomatosis, slightly increased.  Small left pleural effusion and pleural nodularity.3. Mediastinal and right hilar lymphadenopathy, increased from December 2012 and stable from March 2013..4. Status post right nephrectomy.  Incompletely characterized hypodense lesion interpolar left kidney does not meet criteria for simple cyst; solid renal neoplasm cannot be excluded.5. Unchanged lytic lesion involving T12 vertebra and left 12th rib
Findings compatible with a trimalleolar fracture with significant swelling about the ankle joint, as described above.
No fracture or malalignment.
Very low probability for pulmonary embolism. 
Osteoarthritis of the right knee with varus deformity as described above.
No evidence of pneumonia or pneumothorax.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Right breast mass/masses, right breast asymmetry and right axillary lymph node for which further evaluation with diagnostic mammogram and ultrasound is recommended.The sensitivity of mammography for detecting breast cancer is decreased in patients with dense breasts such as this patient. Physical exam assumes a more important role. Additional screening with automated whole breast ultrasound can also be considered based on her mammographically dense breasts (or potentially MRI if she has greater than 20% lifetime risk).BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: ED - Additional Mammo/Ultrasound Workup Required.
No hepatic enhancing lesion with washout suspicious for hepatocellular carcinoma.Left lower lobe tree-in-bud opacities, probably infectious etiology.
Normal sized thyroid gland. Subcentimeter hypoechoic left thyroid nodule. No adenopathy.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities identified . No specific evidence of infection.
Increasing lower lobe atelectasis bilaterally.  Extensive pneumomediastinum and a right pneumothorax.
1.Mild cavernous carotid atherosclerotic calcifications with no flow limiting intracranial stenosis or aneurysm.2.No acute intracranial hemorrhage or mass-effect. CT is insensitive for detection of early nonhemorrhagic stroke.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Repositioning of Swan-Ganz catheter with no other interval change.
No intracranial hemorrhage.
1. Interval removal of right transfrontal ventriculostomy catheter. The ventricular system is mildly prominent but unchanged.2. Slight evolution of intracranial hemorrhage which primarily involves the left corona radiata and left lateral ventricle.3. Advanced chronic small vessel ischemic changes and right thalamic lacunar infarct similar to prior. If there is suspicion for acute ischemia, MRI may be considered.
New 9 mm irregularly marginated pulmonary nodule in the superior segment of the right lower lobe highly suggestive of malignancy. 
1. Nondiagnostic examination of the pulmonary arteries.   If there is high clinical suspicion for pulmonary embolus consider a V/Q scan. The findings were discussed with the clinical servive at the time of interpretation.2. Stable mediastinal adenopathy but no suspicious pulmonary masses or nodules.
Stable post-treatment findings without evidence of leukemia or squamous cell carcinoma recurrence in the neck, within the limitations of non-contrast CT.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1. Stable right basal ganglia intraparenchymal hemorrhage.2. No evidence of intracranial aneurysm or arteriovenous malformation/fistula. Please note that a subtle pial arteriovenous fistulas may be occult on CT angiography and if clinical suspicion persists, follow-up conventional angiography is recommended.
Bilateral moderate pleural effusions and consolidation suspicious for pneumonia.Small amount of ascites and right lower quadrant ostomy.
1.Patient status post right nephroureterectomy and cystoprostatectomy, with multiple enhancing cystic and necrotic appearing masses within the right pelvis, suspicious for recurrent disease, with reference measurements as above.2.Fluid collection adjacent to the liver with dense rim is favored to represent postoperative hematoma or seroma as opposed to additional metastatic disease. However attention to this area on follow-up imaging is suggested.
No evidence of appendicitis.Significant cardiomegaly.Endstage kidney disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No specific evidence of tuberculosis.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.   BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1.  Findings consistent with known pseudoaneurysm and hematoma in the right groin. The pseudoaneurysm appears to arise from a distal branch of the profunda femoral artery.  No evidence of intraluminal thrombus within the right common femoral artery, SFA or profunda. The distal arteries are patent with normal three vessel run off. 2.  Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta and its branches as discussed above.3.  Pericholecystic fluid and ascites.4.  Prostatic hypertrophy with nonspecific bladder wall thickening, which maybe secondary to incomplete distention or chronic bladder outlet obstruction.Please note that these are preliminary findings only.  A final dictation will be provided once 3-D reformatted images are uploaded.
Multiple large acute pulmonary emboli as described above, in the right lower lobe and left upper and lower lobes. Findings were discussed with the orthopedic service by the radiology resident on call at 4:24pm on 6/6/10.
Some degree of vascular redistribution and bilateral pulmonary opacities likely represent early pulmonary edema. Follow-up will be necessary.
1. Findings consistent with improving multilobar pneumonia. The sublobar consolidation in the left upper lobe as well as bilateral lower lobe infectious micronodules have partially resolved in the interval. Attention on follow-up chest radiographs.2. Trace left pleural effusion and residual left posterior pleural thickening, stable.
PICC with tip in the azygos vein. No other interval change in the cardiopulmonary appearance.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually, due in October 2017. Results and recommendations were discussed with the patient. BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
Diffusely dilated small bowel favor ileus.  Given history of recent cardiac arrest if he make etiology possible to explain these findings.  Numerous other findings as above including a possible narrowing of the celiac artery origin, pancreatic I. PMN.
No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema.  Please note that contrast enhanced exams and MRI are more sensitive for detection of metastatic disease than a noncontrast CT of the head.
Bilateral emboli are seen in the right and left main pulmonary arteries extending into the subsegmental branches. Although many of these defects appear chronic, and there is a central filling defect involving the right lower lobar branch which is concerning for an acute embolus. The main pulmonary artery is slightly enlarged but there is otherwise no evidence of right heart strain. Wedge-shaped groundglass opacity at the left apex may represent a pulmonary infarct. PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Positive.Chronicity: Acute .Multiplicity: Multiple, bilateral.Most Proximal: Right and left main pulmonary arteries.RV Strain: None. Findings discussed with Dr. Lukas at time of dictation.
Unremarkable CT head. 
1.	Subcutaneous fat stranding and swelling in the right buccal area suggestive of cellulitis, without drainable fluid collection or underlying bony changes.2.	Small component of fat stranding is also seen in the left inferior buccal region.
1.	Tree-in-bud airspace opacity and centrilobular nodules in the left lower lobe associated with bronchial wall thickening; these are compatible with bronchiolitis, which could be due to infection or aspiration.2.	No other suspicious pulmonary nodules or opacities are evident.  No lesions are evident in the trachea or central bronchi.
No evident compression fracture; possible Schmorl's node involving the inferior endplate of the L3 vertebral body
1. Reticular and groundglass opacities with air trapping and some mild honeycombing.  Findings suggest fibrotic NSIP, chronic hypersensitivity pneumonitis or UIP.2. Two right upper lobe nodules may be post inflammatory, but should be followed to exclude the possibility of malignancy.
Interval development of ascites and increase in the extent of peritoneal disease.  Other reference lesions are stable.
New catheter with no complications.
No significant abnormality.
1.No evident free air.
Nonspecific right perihilar airspace opacity, suggestive of radiation reaction. 
Multiple bilateral subcentimeter pulmonary nodules are too small to characterize. Some of these are calcified and due to old granulomatous disease. Presacral lesion suspicious for metastasis. Mass at inferior liver margin may be a metastasis. 
Scattered areas of scarring and discoid atelectasis.No evidence of interstitial lung disease or air trapping.  
1.	 Postsurgical change consistent with functional endoscopic sinus surgery.2.	 Mucosal thickening and debris are present within the left sphenoid sinus, which could reflect sinus inflammatory disease.  The remaining paranasal sinuses are clear.3.	 No specific findings are seen to suggest fungal colonization of the sinuses.
Extensive edema of the supraglottic larynx and hypopharynx with fluid and/or edema tracking through the deep fascial planes.  No discrete or drainable fluid collection is seen at this time.
Disc and posterior element degeneration has progressed at multiple levels. At L3-4, this results in moderate generalized spinal canal stenosis and moderate left foraminal narrowing. At L4-5, this results in a moderate to severe spinal canal stenosis, severe left and moderate to severe right foraminal narrowing.
1.  Stable postsurgical changes of the thyroidectomy.2.  Few small, subcentimeter, lymph nodes are present the thyroid bed, not pathologically enlarged by CT criteria, and not significantly changed compared to the previous examination.3.  Postsurgical changes of a left anterior cerebral artery clipping. Stable intracranial findings. 
1. Expected postoperative changes following posterior surgical fusion of L3-L5 with interval reduction of previous grade 1 anterolisthesis of L4 on L5. Central spinal canal is patent at these levels with up to moderate left foraminal narrowing at L3-L4 suggested, although evaluation limited due to streak artifact from new instrumentation.2. Mild-moderate central spinal canal stenosis at L2-L3.
1. No interval change in bilateral subdural fluid collections.2. No change in mass effect or in size of ventricles.
No evidence of post traumatic findings in the abdomen or pelvis.
Persistent right basilar opacity suggestive of aspiration or pneumonia. 
Punctate cortical angiomyolipomas in the left kidney, without interval change.
1. 6 cm adrenal mass is concerning for carcinoma.  This is associated with adjacent lymphadenopathy.2.  Patchy opacity within the lungs for which an inflammatory etiology is favored.3.  Small indeterminate hypodensities in the liver.4.  Nodular thyroid for which goiter is favored.  Further evaluation with sonography could be considered.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Interval partial resolution and/or thoracentesis of the left pleural effusion
Focal subsegmental atelectasis or scarring, but no reliable evidence of infection.
1. Mildly heterogeneous thyroid without evidence of nodules or masses.
No pneumothorax following chest tube removal.
Widespread destructive lesions consistent with myelomatous disease. Compression fractures of T11 and L3 vertebral bodies, probably pathologic.
1.  Slight interval increase in size of multiple small left lung metastases.2.  Partial reexpansion of the right upper lobe, but progression of lymphangitic spread and right pleural effusion.
1.	No acute intracranial process.2.	Small subgaleal/scalp hematoma in the right posterior parietal.
Bibasilar opacities, most pronounced in the left base, suspicious for aspiration/infection.
1.	Hyperdense opacification of the right ethmoid air cells, right maxillary sinus and left frontal sinus which has progressed since the prior exam is suggestive of progression of the patient's known allergic fungal sinusitis.  There is change in character of opacification of the right frontal sinus which is nonspecific.2.	The patient is status post sphenoid sinus surgery, left-sided posterior ethmoidal surgery and transphenoidal surgery, for prior allergic fungal sinusitis with residual erosion of the clivus and other parts of the sphenoid bone.3.	Stable 2-mm left A1/A2 junction of the anterior communicating artery aneurysm.4.	The patient is status post left maxillary sinus antrectomy. 5.	There is focal ground glass appearance to portions of the right to the sphenoid bone, inferior clivus, portions of the occipital bone  at the skull base and focal thickening of the right parietal bone, and temporal bone possibly related to fibrous dysplasia.  This is stable since prior exams.  Differential considerations include a giant cell tumor and ossifying fibroma
1.Interval improvement/decrease size of reference lymph nodes and near complete resolution of uterine bed mass as above.
Moderate-severe cardiomegaly with equivocal mild edema and low lung volumes. 
1.	2-mm calcific density in the right distal ureter, which may represent a ureteric calculus.  No hydronephrosis and no hydroureter.2.	No evidence of enterocolitis.3.	Multiple gallstones without evidence of cholecystitis.
Findings compatible with hemorrhage involving the brainstem, primarily the pons and medulla. Immediately above this hemorrhage is a network of faintly flow enhancing structures which could reflect residual AVM based on the history, although other vascular lesions could potentially have this appearance as well. The round and well contained margins of the hematoma suggest that this could represent hemorrhage into a pre-existing cystic cavity, or potentially a large thrombosed pseudoaneurysm. No definite evidence of additional aneurysms is seen on this study.Findings were discussed with Dr. Braverman at 4:00 PM on 12/19/2016.
1.Right IJ Swan-Ganz catheter coiled in the main pulmonary artery/pulmonary outflow tract.2.Small left and probable right pleural effusions. No reliable evidence of edema.
1.  Solitary small hypodense peripherally enhancing high right parietal cortex lesion which was not definitively identified on the comparison study from a year ago.  This lesion is suspicious for a metastasis and MRI may be obtained for further characterization.2. Incompletely visualized centrally hypoattenuating rim enhancing lesions are present in the right parotid space which are suspicious for tumor.   Recommend dedicated neck CT for further characterization.3.  Punctate radiodensity along the anterior aspect of the left globe which is compatible with a foreign body.  If MRI is to be obtained, this density should be removed before proceeding with the MRI examination.
Evolution of postsurgical changes related to craniosynostosis repair as above.
1.Normal renal ultrasound. No hydronephrosis.
1.	Right parietal subgaleal hematoma.2.	Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age.  No intracranial hemorrhage or calvarial fracture.
1. Left conchae bullosa and a 3 mm defect in the cartilaginous nasal septum, which is deviated mildly to the right. Otherwise, the nasal cavity is clear without evidence of sinonasal polyposis. 2. diffuse brain parenchymal volume loss and patchy cerebral white matter hypoattenuation that likely represents microangiopathy. 
1.No substantially FDG avid lesion to indicate malignancy. Generally symmetric fairly mild bilateral hilar and mediastinal lymph node activity is present. While indolent tumor cannot be entirely excluded, the appearance is much more suggestive of benign granulomatous inflammation.2.Additional findings suggestive of benign medical thyroid disease such as Hashimoto's thyroiditis.
No evidence of complication following bronchoscopy in the setting of pulmonary nodules with left lower lobe mass.
Distal fibular fracture with lateral joint space widening.
Interval progression of size and number of osteoblastic metastases.
Findings consistent with advanced small vessel disease of indeterminate age.
Degenerative changes of the disk, bulging disks and hypertrophic changes of posterior elements with resultant central spinal stenosis and neural foramina compromise extending from L2 -- L4 through L5 -- S1 levels as detailed per level above.  Please see above comments.
Suspicious calcifications in the upper outer left breast, for which stereotactic biopsy is recommended. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.Patient will consider participating in the Allan Penn research study. BIRADS: 4 - Suspicious Abnormality.RECOMMENDATION: H - Percutaneous Biopsy/Aspiration.
Minimal degenerative changes at the hips. Otherwise negative pelvic exam
1.	Finding of hemorrhage within the renal collecting system bilaterally causing mild hydronephrosis.  2.	Postoperative bowel changes with extensive free intraperitoneal air.3.	Small pelvic hematoma
1.No pulmonary embolus.2.Small bilateral pleural effusions, interstitial thickening and vasculature engorgement, probably mild pulmonary edema. 3.Cardiomegaly, with small pericardial effusion.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
Basilar volume loss from subsegmental atelectasis and patchy consolidation within the right lower lobe compatible with infection.
1. Stable reference lymph nodes and adrenal metastases.2. New 3 mm solid right upper lobe lung nodule, recommend continued surveillance. 3. Persistent 4 mm right apical ground glass nodule, unchanged, compatible with atypical adenomatous hyperplasia.
1. Hepatomegaly with coarse echotexture suggests chronic liver disease.2. Echogenic renal parenchyma bilaterally suggests medical renal disease. Nonobstructing renal calculi are present.
Ultrasound guided biopsy of right thigh mass.
Calcified granuloma and nonspecific micronodules, most likely secondary to previous infection.  No further workup is recommended for these findings.
1. No abnormality to account for seizure history.2. Significant left mastoid air cell and middle ear fluid opacification as compared to right, which is nonspecific. Please correlate clinically.
Impacted nondisplaced left femoral neck fracture.
1.Left basilar consolidation and patchy right basilar opacities with bilateral pleural effusions.2.Postsurgical changes including pneumomediastinum and a small right pneumothorax.3.Collection surrounding the drive line in the anterior subcutaneous tissues likely represents a seroma/hematoma, although developing abscess/phlegmon cannot be excluded.
No acute fracture or malalignment of the pelvis or left knee.
Right PICC tip at the cavoatrial junction.
1.During the exam, no spontaneous or provoked gastroesophageal reflux was observed as clinically questioned. 2.Attenuated segment of the distal esophagus is unchanged compared to the prior exam.3.Mild esophageal motor abnormality with proximal escape and compensatory secondary wave.
1. No intracranial hemorrhage, edema, or mass effect. Please note CT is not sensitive for detection of acute nonhemorrhagic ischemia and MRI can be considered for further evaluation.2. Paranasal sinus opacification, which was present before but increased in the bilateral sphenoid sinuses. There is new nonspecific opacification of the middle ear and mastoid air cells.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Basilar atelectasis or scarring without specific evidence of infection.
1.	Interval change in size of the left subdural hematoma with new, acute hemorrhage. There is resultant sulcal effacement and 3-mm rightward midline shift. 2.	No significant change in size of the right subdural hematoma but with trace new, acute hemorrhage in the frontal aspect.   3.	Stable hemorrhage along the posterior falx and tentorium.
Mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic and lumbar spine and other findings as described above but without specific findings to account for sharp left upper back pain.
Limited exam without evidence of radiopaque capsule.
1. No pulmonary embolus. Enlarged main pulmonary artery compatible with pulmonary arterial hypertension. No pleural effusion.2. Mild architectural distortion with bilateral coarse ground glass opacities, and peribronchovascular nodules. Findings are compatible with a chronic interstitial lung disease; differential considerations include sarcoidosis, NSIP, and hypersensitivity pneumonitis. 3. Findings discussed with referring hospitalist (pager 9222, Dr. Wilhelm) , at 11:30 AM on 10/23/2012.
1. The adenoid cystic carcinoma of the left floor of mouth measures up to approximately 50 mm and has eroded into the lingula aspect of the left mandible and extends into the left submandibular space. 2. An enlarged left level 1B lymph node may represent metastatic disease. 
1. No significant interval change in multilevel spondylosis allowing for differences in technique, with up to moderate-severe central spinal canal stenosis at L3-L4.2. Postoperative changes from previous left-sided laminectomy at L4-L5.
1. The left ventricle is moderately dilated with normal systolic function. The overall LV ejection fraction is 56%. There is no late gadolinium enhancement on long-axis images of the left ventricle to suggest the presence of an underlying fibrosing, infiltrative, or inflammatory process. 2. The right ventricle is mildly dilated with normal systolic function. The overall RV ejection fraction is 50%. Short axis late gadolinium enhancement images not uploaded to PACs. Will add addendum when these images are uploaded.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Swan-Ganz catheter tip in the right main pulmonary artery.
Normal abdomen and pelvis. No evidence of laceration or hemorrhage. 
Expected findings of instrumented L5-S1 fusion without evidence of hardware complication. 
Interval placement of right pleural pigtail catheter. Small right apical pneumothorax in addition to multiple small air and fluid collections in the right pleural space.
1.Nonenhanced cervical MRI is unremarkable.2.Nonenhanced MRI of thoracic spine demonstrate mild bilateral neural foraminal compromise at T8-T9 and left neural foraminal T7-T8 levels and unremarkable exam otherwise.3.Nonenhanced MRI of the lumbar spine demonstrate small central disc protrusions at L3-L4 and L4-L5 levels with mild indentation of the thecal sac however without spinal stenosis or neural foraminal compromise. Mild bilateral facet effusion at L4-L5 and L5-S1 and unremarkable exam otherwise.
No pneumoperitoneum identified. 
1.	Multiple nodules seen along the left flank and left paracolic gutter not significantly changed from the prior study.
Partial resolution of left lower lobe atelectasis.
1.Moderate esophageal dysmotility.2.Mild gastroesophageal reflux.3.No evidence of esophagitis.
Malpositioned PICC.
Periventricular and subcortical white matter lesions of a mild degree are nonspecific. At this age they are most likely vascular related. 
No evidence of shunt malfunction.
1.  Findings compatible with history of prior granulomatous disease without acute abnormality.2.  Extensive coronary artery disease.
1) No abnormal extra-axial fluid collections, intraparenchymal hemorrhage, mass-effect or edema.  Small left posterior subgaleal hematoma without underlying bony abnormality.2) Soft tissue swelling along the left medial orbit without evidence of underlying bone fracture or intraorbital hemorrhage/edema. No other maxillofacial abnormalities.
Normal radiograph of the shoulder.
No evidence of acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion on the scan.Age-appropriate mild brain atrophy
Patchy left basilar opacity, worse compared to last study, suggestive of atelectasis or aspiration.
1.  Reference measurements as above.2.  Infiltrative right mediastinal mass as detailed above, appearance is atypical for mesothelioma, tissue confirmation recommended if not already performed as primary pulmonary tumor could have this appearance.3.  At the location where chest wall invasion occurrs, tumor extends into the upper abdomen and subcapsular portion of the liver.4.  Evidence of prior asbestos exposure.
Right testicular mass as described above is consistent with neoplasm. Unremarkable left testicle. 
Low normal lung volumes, but no acute pulmonary abnormality. Heart size is normal.
Limited examination due to lack of IV and oral contrast. 1.Findings suspicious for discitis at T10-T11 with greater than 50% loss of T10 and T11 vertebral bodies. Findings are better evaluated on recent MR.2.Interval resolution of large anterior body wall defect.3.Nonspecific thickening of the cecal wall may be infectious or inflammatory etiology. No free intraperitoneal air. No evidence of obstruction.4.Diffuse anasarca.
1.  Enlarged mediastinal lymphadenopathy with pulmonary micronodules which may be due to metastatic disease.  2.  Enlarged uterus with solid appearing component in the left adnexa which may be due to pedunculated fibroids with posterior displacement of the left ovary.  The uterus and adnexa can be further evaluated with a dedicated gynecologic ultrasound.
Increased renal parenchymal echogenicity without hydronephrosis, compatible with medical renal disease.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Numerous small lymph nodes in the chest and upper abdomen without significant change, most likely the result of patient's treated lymphoma. No specific evidence of metastatic disease. Ectasia of the ascending aortic segment.
Interval resolution of previously described borderline to mild cardiomegaly
1.Postoperative findings related to right-sided T8 corpectomy/costotransversectomy, T7/T8 laminectomies and T6-T10 posterior fusion.2.Residual soft tissue mass at the T8 corpectomy level with epidural and neural foraminal extension can be better correlated with prior MRI with gadolinium if available.3.Since February 7, 2016, a new T11 compression fracture and worsened T10 vertebral body compression fractures are noted. These fractures are probably insufficiency/stress related. The associated inter- and intra-vertebral gas probably reflects instability. 
Dobbhoff tube tip projects over the gastric body.
A partial SBO cannot be excluded on the basis of this exam, details above. No free air on upright imaging. However small pneumoperitoneum suggested in pelvis. 
Postsurgical changes of the left knee and mild osteoarthritis of the bilateral knees.
Resolving pulmonary edema.
Pulmonary metastases with mixed response.
Slight increase in size of right pneumothorax, now with maximal pleural separation at the apex of 19 mm.
1.Interval increase in mediastinal and right hilar lymphadenopathy. 2.New right internal mammary chain lymphadenopathy.3.No significant change in right pleural reference lesions or intrapulmonary nodules. 4.Right diaphragm nonreference lesion has significantly decreased in size.
Right internal jugular catheter removed, otherwise stable cardiomegaly and atelectasis.
Several incidental findings but no apparent cause of chest pain.   
Feeding tube terminates within the esophagus. Unchanged bibasilar opacities and pleural effusions.
There is a nonspecific solitary bone defect in the right paramedian aspect of the occipital bone, nonspecific in nature. This lesion can be related to an epidermoid cyst, granuloma, pacchionian granulation or venous lakes; a solitary metastatic lesion is very unlikely given its imaging appearance, but cannot be completely excluded.Mild small vessel ischemic disease of the brain.  No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage, mass effect or edema.
Severe chronic interstitial disease with possible superimposed acute infection/edema, but no recent significant interval change.
Stable 8mm right middle lobe pulmonary nodule.
1. Markedly decreased size of the right perihilar mass, left apical chest wall mass, and mediastinal lymphadenopathy, compatible with treatment response. 2. Increased post-obstructive debris and bronchiolitis in the right lower lobe, compatible with infection. 
1.  Multiple small, clustered lymph nodes in the axillae, mediastinum, abdominal aortocaval region, pelvis and inguinal regions.  Confluent lymphadenopathy within the portacaval space, porta hepatis and peripancreatic space.2.  Two subtle, low attenuation lesions within the right lobe of the liver.3.  Mild anasarca with small ascites.4.  Bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis.5.  Patchy, bilateral groundglass opacities; could represent focal edema, atelectasis or infection.6.  Pelvic congestion with dilatation of the ovarian and veins; may be caused by attenuation of the left renal vein as it passes between the superior mesenteric artery and aorta.7.  Mild centrilobular emphysema.8.  Absent gallbladder and spleen.
No pneumothorax following right thoracentesis.
Interval removal of left chest tube, with increased left pleural effusion and very small left apical pneumothorax. Stable nonspecific right midlung opacity.
Osteoarthritis of the shoulder.
1. Abscesses in mediastinum,  right hemithorax, and left chest wall have decreased in size.2. Bilateral airspace opacities have increased, compatible with pneumonia and atelectasis.3. No abscesses are noted in abdomen or pelvis.4. No evidence of osteomyelitis.5. Extensive soft tissue edema.  Small amount of ascites.
Left IJ central venous catheter tip at the mid SVC without pneumothorax.
Stable right thalamic hematoma and mass-effect. Stable cerebral white matter hypodensities. No new areas of hemorrhage or abnormal parenchymal hypoattenuation.
1.	L3 compression fracture with minimal retropulsion.  This is new since the MRI 5/31/11.2.	The examination is somewhat compromised due to beam hardening artifact from a recent barium examination.  This may obscure more subtle abnormalities.  If a more definitive information is needed sooner, an MRI may be of further benefit.3.	Findings suggest but do not confirm diffuse osteopenia.  Please correlate with clinical findings.
Diffuse septal thickening and groundglass opacities likely related to pulmonary edema. No focal consolidation to suggest infection as clinically questioned.
Fatty infiltration of the liver and postop changes in the abdomen.  Mild focal dilatation of the pancreatic duct as described above.  M.R.C.P. may be helpful for further evaluation.Subcentimeter liver lesions, too small to accurate characterize.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality. CT is insensitive to early detection of CVA. MRI should be considered if clinical suspicion for CVA persists. 2. Mild small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age. 
1.	Acute appendicitis without abscess2.	No bowel obstruction.
1.	Increase in the size of the reference pulmonary lesions.2.	Increase in the size of the reference mediastinal and right axillary nodal disease
No evidence of pulmonary emboli.
No acute abnormalities. 
Postsurgical changes and osteoarthritis of the foot. Findings suggestive of early loosening of the orthopedic screw within the second metatarsal as well as possible stress reaction/fracture of the second metatarsal.
Slightly increased pleural effusion but no pneumothorax.
1.	Ventral hernia which contains portion of transverse colon without obstruction.2.	Severe thickening of the sigmoid colon with surrounding inflammation suggesting ulcerative colitis.  Consider colonoscopy.3.	Atrophic right kidney with a lobular contour4.	Hepatic dome mass warrants further evaluation with a contrast-enhanced exam
1.	No acute intracranial abnormality.2.	Parenchymal volume loss and additional chronic findings as described above. 
Orthopedic fixation of healing distal radius fracture and other findings as described above.
In the context of severe degenerative disk disease, there are inflammatory changes/fat stranding surrounding the L4-5 disk space where there are subtle areas of endplate demineralization.  This correlates with high T2 signal within the disk on recent MRI and is suggestive of diskitis/osteomyelitis.  Moderate to severe central canal stenosis from L2-3 through L4-5.  Since there is possibility of urinary retention (appears to be large dilated bladder or other pelvic cystic structure) suggest clinical correlation to ensure that there has not been recent deterioration.  Given suspected diskitis/osteomyelitis at L4-5 with severe spinal stenosis, epidural extension of infection cannot be excluded by CT though there is no gross epidural collection.  Pigtail catheter in the left psoas muscle with a large portion of the loculated psoas fluid collection located anterior/inferior to its tip.  Tube check should be considered to evaluate for optimal positioning.
Interval moderate increase in size of pulmonary nodules and mediastinal lymphadenopathy, and new areas of ground glass opacity that may represent infection or aspiration.  
1. Minimal interval decrease in size of axillary and mediastinal lymphadenopathy.  2. Interval resolution of right lower lobe groundglass opacities.  3. No significant interval change in left lower lobe groundglass nodule as detailed above.  
1. Normal-appearing kidneys with no mass delineated.
1. Cerebellar tonsil ectopia versus Chiari malformation. A brain MRI is recommended for an accurate evaluation. 2. No significant change in size of the lateral ventricles. 
Unremarkable noncontrast MRI brain.
1. Coarse echogenic liver echotexture compatible with fatty infiltration/parenchymal dysfunction without worrisome mass or ductal dilatation.2. Peripherally located focus of mixed echogenicity in the right hepatic lobe likely represents known hemangioma as seen on prior CT.
Nondisplaced fracture of the left mandibular body as detailed above.
Mild to moderate osteoarthritis of the knee.
1. continued increase in the transverse dimension of the retroperitoneal mass described above. No interval change in the mesenteric, and retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy or bone metastases.2.  Continued improvement in bilateral lower lobe groundglass opacities.3.  Stable bilateral mild hydronephrosis as described before. 
Low lung volumes with scarring and atelectasis, but no acute abnormality.
Stable examination without new sites of disease. Reference measurements as above.
Decreased left lower lobe opacity.
1. Large necrotic right inguinal lymph node.2. Bilateral pelvic lymphadenopathy.3. Large hiatal hernia.4. Fatty infiltration of the pancreas. 5. L1 vertebral body hemangioma.
Left pleural effusion and left basilar consolidation/atelectasis without interval change. No evidence of a pneumothorax post procedure.
Moderate osteoarthritic changes
Likely chronic interstitial changes in lung bases. No evidence of acute infection. Large lung volumes consistent with COPD.
1. Significant interval decrease in the right lower lobe mass and mediastinal and hilar lymphadenopathy compatible with patient's history of non-small cell lung carcinoma.2. Interval resolution of the left upper lobe consolidation.3. Peripheral right upper lobe ground glass opacity is not significantly changed but remains suspicious for indolent adenocarcinoma.  Continued follow up is recommended.
Predominantly solid mass in the right neck as described, with differential considerations including lymphadenopathy, salivary gland tumor arising from the submandibular gland, schwannoma, or less likely tumor arising from the carotid sheath.
1.	Status post recent biopsy with a small hematoma and a postsurgical change at the biopsy site.2.	  Mass at the corpus callosum with no obvious interval change.  Please also refer to recent MRI brain.3.	Old right basal ganglia / internal capsule lacunar infarct with ex vacuo dilatation of right frontal horn.4.	No significant change of ventricular size.  No evidence of hydrocephalus.
Total hip arthroplasty in anatomic alignment.
1.	Hyperdense right and mixed density left subdural collections with 4 mm of rightward midline shift are new compared to the prior examination and are compatible with acute to subacute subdural hemorrhage.  2.	No evidence of intra-axial hemorrhage or territorial ischemia, although CT is not sensitive for the detection of acute nonhemorrhagic CVA.3.	Stable, chronic infarctions of the bilateral frontal lobes, right occipital lobe, right thalamus. Encephalomalacia of the left cerebellar hemisphere.4.	Post-surgical changes in the left mastoid. Retained metallic fragments from prior gunshot wound limits evaluation of the cerebellar parenchyma.
1.  Postsurgical changes in the right neck and right submandibular gland region including resection, stable.2.  Slight asymmetry of the tongue, most likely postsurgical in etiology, without abnormal mass or enhancement to suggest recurrent disease.3.  No abnormally enhancing or pathologically enlarged lymph nodes are identified.
Right pleural effusion and bibasilar opacities.
Right total knee arthroplasty.
Diffuse hemangiomatosis involving the abdominal and pelvic viscera and soft tissues as described above compatible with the history of Klippel-Trenaunay-Weber syndrome, appearing similar to the prior study.
1.  Interval increase in post-radiation changes in the right upper lobe.  Previously noted reference nodule in the right lower lobe is not measurable on this exam.2.  Decrease in size of right hilar adenopathy.
No abnormally enhancing mass or pathologic lymphadenopathy
Tumor progression.
No large pulmonary embolus seen on this limited examination.  Findings suggestive of pulmonary hypertension.
Progression of diffuse osseous metastases.  Scattered hepatic metastases best visualized on two-minute delayed liver images.  Follow up scans should included extra delayed images of the liver for comparison.
No acute intracranial abnormality or skull fracture. 
1.Postsurgical changes related to coronary arterial bypass grafting without evidence of complication.2.Mild cardiomegaly.
Lisfranc fracture-dislocation, with intra-articular fractures of the base of the first and second metatarsals, as above.
Normal examination.
No cervical lymphadenopathy by CT size criteria.  Previously described 12-mm metabolically active left level 2 lymph node cluster is nearly resolved.Separately dictated CT of the chest, abdomen and pelvis .
Status post recent frontal lobe surgery and right-sided craniotomy with postoperative changes which continue to evolve since the prior exam.
Left total knee arthroplasty as described above.
1. No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage.2. Unchanged ventriculostomy catheter as well as ventricular size and configuration.
PEG tube unchanged in position left upper quadrant.
No significant interval change in multifocal masslike airspace opacities compatible with nummular pulmonary sarcoidosis.
1. Interval decrease in lymphadenopathy related to lymphoma. 2. Nonspecific mottled appearance of the T2 vertebral body bone marrow. 
Faint nonspecific opacities, favor sequela of aspiration. Follow-up PA and lateral chest radiographs may be obtained in a few weeks if the patient remains symptomatic
ET tube tip slightly retracted now at thoracic inlet.NG tube tip in stomach, side-port is near GE junction.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.  BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSA - Screening Mammogram.
New 1.6-cm right adrenal mass appearing since prior examination which demonstrates increased FDG activity on today's PET examination and is most compatible with adrenal metastasis.  Otherwise, stable examination.
Stable examination.
1.	Possible colloid cyst, recommend MRI for further evaluation.2.	Unchanged ventriculomegaly.  No acute intracranial abnormality.
Redemonstration of pulmonary miliary nodules. No suspicious new lesion is identified.
Bilateral maxillary and ethmoid sinuses inflammatory disease with compromise of ostiomeatal complexes as detailed above.
Normal cardiopulmonary appearance.
Hepatic steatosis. Status post right nephroureterectomy without evidence of recurrent or residual disease.
Degenerative changes of the pubic symphysis, but normal-appearing right hip.
COPD changes without superimposed acute abnormality
1.	Interval, further improvement in lung findings with persistent scarlike opacity in the right lower lobe.  No evidence of new air space opacities, mass lesions or pleural effusions.2.	Interval decrease in size of mediastinal lymph nodes.
No evidence of metastases.
1.	No evidence of metastatic disease.2.	Subchondral defect in the superior aspect of S1 likely secondary to extensive endplate degenerative changes.  If symptomatic an MRI can be obtained for further evaluation.
Bilateral patchy consolation suspicious for pneumonia and bilateral small amount of pleural effusions.Small amount of fluid in the pelvis with enhancing peritoneum may represent infected fluid, however, no evidence of abscess.  Pelvic ultrasound may be helpful for evaluation of the right ovary, if clinically indicated.Mild wall thickening of the sigmoid colon which represent colitis.Atrophic kidneys and  renal transplant in the pelvis
1. No acute intracranial hemorrhage or mass effect.2. No acute fracture or traumatic subluxation of the cervical spine. Minimal degenerative subluxations as noted above.3. Small vessel ischemic changes of indeterminate age.4. Heterogeneity and enlargement of the left lobe of the thyroid. Correlate with thyroid function tests and ultrasound be obtained if clinically indicated.
Mild to moderate osteoarthritis of both hips, and mild osteoarthritis of the pubic symphysis.
Nasogastric tube with its tip projecting over the antrum of the stomach.
Negative right upper quadrant limited ultrasound. Specifically, no evidence for hepatobiliary abnormality. No ascites.
Mild negative ulnar variance, otherwise no specific findings to account for the patient's pain.
1.  Bibasilar atelectasis/consolidation and lower lung bases.  2.  No other abnormality seen and no evidence of hematoma or hemorrhage.
No large pulmonary emboli.  Resolved pleural effusions and pulmonary edema.`
Interval development of retroperitoneal new soft tissue densities, predominantly centered around both kidneys consistent with progression of disease.Index measurements are roughly stable.Bilateral renal cysts, left renal stones, moderate right and mild left sided hydronephrosis unchanged.
ETT well-positioned. Please see detail and limitations provided
1.	Prominence/hyperplasia of the bilateral parotid glands, without evidence of mass or lymphadenopathy.2.	Left cavernous carotid artery aneurysm embolization.
Endotracheal tube remains in stable position.
NG tube with tip projecting over the proximal gastric body. Persistent ileus pattern.
Continued decrease in the size of the reference hepatic metastases.
1.Healing Salter-Harris II fracture of the distal radius.2.Ulnar styloid fracture without significant interval healing.
Slight interval regression in the appearance of variable perfusion to the upper pole the right kidney.  Chronic pyelonephritis versus recurrent acute pyelonephritis.  No evidence of abscess.
Pericardial drain unchanged.
New small bibasilar pleural effusions; otherwise, stable examination without evidence for acute inflammatory process or abscess.  Extensive metastatic disease, unchanged.  
Slight increase size of the right lateral ventricle in comparison to prior study but which is not dilated.
1.  Dilated proximal jejunal loops with no definite transition point could represent a partial small bowel obstruction.2. Inflammatory changes surrounding the shunt catheter at the entry site into the peritoneum.  3.  CSF pseudocyst midline and anteriorly at the level of the umbilicus measuring 7.1 cm x 2.1 cm x 2.9 cm.4.  Sacral spinal dysraphism with meningocele.
1. Postsurgical scarring in the right breast. Right axillary surgical clips status post axillary lymph node dissection.2.  No visualization of previous noted 7-mm nodule in right lower lobe.3.  New left posterior lower lobe sub-pleural nodule; 6-12 month follow-up recommended.
No significant change.  No new abnormalities are seen.
No radiographic evidence of avascular necrosis. If there is continued clinical concern, an MRI is more sensitive for early detection of osteonecrosis.
Mild fecal accumulation with no evidence of obstruction.
CT of the paranasal sinuses is within normal limits.
1. Worsening of tumor with airway and mediastinal invasion in the right hemithorax and overall worsening of lymphadenopathy, including new right subclavicular lymph nodes.2. Nonocclusive thrombus in the SVC, likely the result of direct tumor invasion. SVC is narrowed.3. Pericardial nodularity is compatible with metastatic disease, but no pericardial fluid is evident.4. Diffuse esophageal wall thickening.5. Chronic occlusion of the right main pulmonary artery
Small cyst in the left retroareolar area, but no clear cause of nipple discharge identified. Clinical correlation is recommended for her nipple discharge. If it is clinically suspicious despite these benign results, MRI should be considered. Otherwise, as long as the patient's physical examination remains benign, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually at the age of 40. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: C - Clinical Correlation Needed. I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
The ET tube tip approximately 3 cm above the carina. Persistent left basilar opacity.
Bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. Right lung base streaky opacity compatible with atelectasis. Extensive left lung airspace and interstitial opacities suggestive of infection or aspiration.
1. Enteric tubes with the tips beyond the margin of the image.2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality without interval change. 3. Unchanged iatrogenic support devices. 
Normal examination.
Findings raising the possibility of psoriatic arthritis. No specific evidence of gout.
Stable cardiomegaly.Limited assessment of the lungs due to expiratory projection with respiratory motion. No clear signs of pulmonary edema. Repeat chest radiograph if clinically indicated.
Normal examination.
No significant interval change.
Swan-Ganz catheter tip in the right main pulmonary artery.
Loss of the normal cervical lordosis, but otherwise no findings to account for patient's pain.
1.Resolving pulmonary nodules most likely due to infection.2.Right upper lobe consolidation has slightly improved.
Orthopedic fixation of the distal humerus as described above.
Grade 3 right ureteral dilatation.No hydronephrosis.*SFU grading system: Grade 0: No hydronephrosis. Grade 1: The renal pelvis is visualized. Grade 2: A few but not all of the calices are identified in addition to the renal pelvis. Grade 3: Virtually all the calices are seen. Grade 4: Grade 3 and parenchymal thinning. **SFU grading system retrovesical ureter: Grade 0: No ureteral dilatation. Grade 1: Ureter less than 7 mm. Grade 2: Ureter is 7-10 mm. Grade 3: Ureter is over 10 mm. Fernbach SK, Maizels M, Conway JJ. Ultrasound Grading of Hydronephrosis: Introduction to the System used by the Society for Fetal Urology. Pediatric Radiology (1993) 23: 478-480.***Rosenbaum DM, Korngold E, Teele RL. Sonographic Assessment of Renal Length in Normal Children. AJR Am J. Roentgenol (1984) 142:467-469
Significant improvement in the right pneumothorax. No change in bilateral pulmonary opacities.
Cardiomegaly, with stable lower lung zone edema and pleural effusions.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
1.No findings to suggest cirrhosis or hepatic mass.2.5 mm gallbladder polyp.
Mild interval improvement in bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis without new focal pulmonary opacities.
No change in left-sided chest tube with stable volume of left pleural effusion/hemothorax. Continued increase in patchy groundglass opacities on the right, which may be due to aspiration or infection
New pulmonary opacities. ET tube tip approximately 2 cm above the carina.
1.  Accounting for beam hardening artifacts from the surgical hardware, no obvious intracranial hemorrhage or infarction is seen.
Status post internal fixation of a supracondylar fracture with K wires in near anatomic alignment as described above.
Mild bilateral echogenic kidneys.Persistently dilated common bile duct measuring up to 1 cm mostly unchanged from recent CT scan, MRCP can be performed if clinically indicated. Mild intrahepatic blurred ductal dilatation noted. Gallbladder appears unremarkable without cholelithiasis.Hepatic steatosis.
1.  New compression fracture at the T5 level with approximately 70 to 80% loss of height.2.  Severe osteopenia which may be related to age, steroid use, or myeloma.3.  Severe degenerative changes throughout the thoracic and lumbar spine are stable since the prior examination.
Findings consistent with CHF with underlying scarring and bronchiectasis.
1.Involution of the previously seen multicystic dysplastic left kidney. 2.Right kidney top normal in length.3.Tubular structure in the expected location of the left ureter, which disappeared with voiding, probably represents the left ureter.*SFU grading system: Grade 0: No hydronephrosis. Grade 1: The renal pelvis is visualized. Grade 2: A few but not all of the calices are identified in addition to the renal pelvis. Grade 3: Virtually all the calices are seen. Grade 4: Grade 3 and parenchymal thinning. **SFU grading system retrovesical ureter: Grade 0: No ureteral dilatation. Grade 1: Ureter less than 7 mm. Grade 2: Ureter is 7-10 mm. Grade 3: Ureter is over 10 mm. Fernbach SK, Maizels M, Conway JJ. Ultrasound Grading of Hydronephrosis: Introduction to the System used by the Society for Fetal Urology. Pediatric Radiology (1993) 23: 478-480.***Rosenbaum DM, Korngold E, Teele RL. Sonographic Assessment of Renal Length in Normal Children. AJR Am J. Roentgenol (1984) 142:467-469
1. Persistence of the track communicating the posterior bladder with the right anterior pelvic skin.  Bladder wall thickening with marked inflammation/edema surrounding the bladder.2. Several nodules in the right lung base and one nodule in the left lung base, measuring up to 1.2cm. A couple of these were seen on the abdomen CT from 11/26/12 but all new from 7/24/12.
Very mild nonspecific diffuse reticulonodular and groundglass opacities which may be due to edema or viral infection.  The appearance is not typical for fungal pneumonia.
No specific findings to account for the patient's symptoms.  The tip of the appendix is minimally dilated while the remainder is normal in caliber.  This is a nonspecific finding and correlation with patient's physical exam is recommended.Findings communicated to and after knowledge to by Gail Deluca of the Student Care Center at the time of dictation.Upon discussion with the ordering service, clinical suspicion for appendiceal pathology is very low.  Therefore, the aforementioned finding is likely of little clinical significance.
1. Unremarkable head CT- no acute process and minimal interval change since prior examination in Feb. 2011. 2. Minimal low positioning of cerebellar tonsils, but no effacement of the adjacent subarachnoid space or radiographic evidence of a Chiari malformation. 
Prior right subpulmonic pneumothorax resolved. Moderate bilateral pleural effusions and basilar consolidation are still present.
1. No acute abnormalities to account for patient's symptoms.2. Enlarged uterus likely represents leiomyomata.  Recommend pelvic ultrasound for further evaluation.
1.	Interval placement of a right sided additional ventricular catheter and adjustment of left ventricular catheter.2.	Interval decrease in the size of supratentorial ventricular system which on current exam appears nearly collapsed.3.	Stable diffuse intracranial subarachnoid hemorrhage and blood within the ventricular system.4.	Poor differentiation of gray -- white matter, poor visualization of cortical sulci and small CSF cisterns are all suggestive of cerebral edema/ increased intracranial pressure.  No evidence of midline shift is present.
ET tube tip approximately 4 cm above the carina. Small right apical pneumothorax following removal of one right chest tube.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Mildly convex appearance of the outer table of the midline frontal bone with smooth normal appearing inner table. Finding likely represents normal variation, without convincing evidence of metopic craniosynostosis. Subarachnoid spaces in the frontal regions are patent and there is no mass effect on the frontal lobes.
Healing fractures of the tibia and fibula.
Enhancing lesion in the left mid frontal region, compatible with single brain metastasis with adjacent vasogenic edema.
Soft tissue swelling without fracture.
Bronchiolitis or reactive airway disease.
Left total knee arthroplasty in anatomic alignment.
1.No definite findings of nephrolithiasis.
New left IJ venous catheter placed without complication. Stable cardiopulmonary appearance.
1.Multiple foci of marrow signal replacement involving the vertebral bodies and posterior elements which are all suggestive of hemangioma as detailed above. There is no evidence of fracture or malalignment or any associated soft tissue abnormality with the above findings.2.Degenerative changes at L4 -- L5 and including a central and right-sided disk protrusion results in moderate central spinal stenosis and right neural foraminal compromise.3.Degenerative changes at other levels of varying degrees however without central spinal stenosis as detailed per level above.4.Asymmetric left-sided facet hypertrophic changes at L5 -- S1 results in moderate to severe left neural foraminal compromise.
Stable small lymph nodes within the mediastinum and abdomen.  No new lymphadenopathy identified.
Mild osteoarthritis.
No significant sized polyps or masses. Additional diminutive foci as described.*OPTIONAL C-RADS CLASSIFICATION:C-1E-2*(see full definitions in: Zalis et al. CT Colonography reporting and data system: a consensus proposal. Radiology 2005;236:3-9)C1: Normal or benign lesions (no polyps > 6mm). Continue routine screening.C2: Intermediate polyp (less than three 6-9mm polyps or can't exclude >6mm in technically adequate study. Surveillance CTC or colonoscopy recommended.C3: Polyp, possibly advanced adenoma. (polyp >10mm or >three 6-9mm). Colonoscopy recommended.C4: Colonic mass, likely malignant.
Loculated left pleural effusion. Small right pleural effusion. Right-sided pneumothorax not visualized. Left-sided cavitation with differential air-fluid level.
1.	No evidence for new ischemic stroke or hemorrhagic conversion of prior right MCA stroke. Interval increase in mass-effect associated with an increasing 8mm leftward midline shift. Additionally, there is interval increase in size of the left lateral ventricle. 2.	Mild mucosal thickening of the right ethmoid sinus.
Stable treatment related changes without recurrent tumor.
Both central lines terminates at the right atrium.
1.Numerous scattered foci of FLAIR signal abnormality are again seen. Statistically, these most likely represent chronic microvascular ischemic disease.2.A small cystic structure splaying the internal cerebral veins is unchanged. This could represent a cyst of the cavum vellum interpositum or some other congenital or developmental benign cyst.
Right total hip arthroplasty appearing similar to the prior study.
Decreased right pleural effusion with no significant change in the reference anterior chest wall lesion, rib lesion and index lymph nodes.
1. No evidence of lymphadenopathy within the limitations of this noncontrast technique. Small lymph nodes visualized as above, however do not meet CT criteria for lymphadenopathy. Mild retroperitoneal fat stranding is nonspecific.2. Please see same day CT soft tissues neck study for additional findings.
Worsening pneumonia with developing CHF and edema.
Immediate postsurgical changes of stereotactic biopsy via left posterior parietal approach without significant hemorrhage or new mass effect. There is a tiny focus of intraparenchymal air in the left parietal lobe described above which may represent the biopsy site and can be correlated with operative findings.
Patent paranasal sinus ostia with mild mucosal thickening of the maxillary sinuses.
Multiple ill-defined pulmonary nodules, predominantly within the upper lobes, some of which are cavitary.  The appearance is nonspecific, and considerations include multifocal pneumonia (especially atypical) and aspiration.  Given the patient's age and presumed smoking history, these abnormalities should be followed to resolution to exclude underlying malignancy as a neoplasm can have a similar imaging appearance.
Stable very small pulmonary nodules consistent with previous infection.  No suspicious nodules.  
1. Resolution of prior bifrontal subdural fluid collections and midline shift. 2. Mild volume loss. 3. No acute intracranial abnormality, specifically no acute intracranial hemorrhage.
Overall, no significant change from previous study.
Expected postoperative changes status post left lower lobectomy.
1.Stable presumed left intraventricular meningioma.2.Stable smaller presumed right frontal convexity meningioma when compared to the most recent prior exam, although slightly increased in size since May 2013.3.Progressive slight increased size of a subcentimeter right anterior cranial fossa floor presumed meningioma when compared back to 2013.
Above average stool burden without definite evidence of obstruction.
1.	Right hemicolectomy and ileo-colonic anastomosis in the right midabdomen with mucosal edema and wall thickening involving the colon (transverse colon) without evident findings of perforation or abscess formation.Differential considerations include inflammation from inflammatory bowel disease, infection. Ischemia is considered less likely given patency of the mesenteric vessels.2. Dilated pancreatic duct. M.R.C.P. is suggested.
Persistent left apical pneumothorax and right middle lobe opacity.
Findings suggestive of pulmonary edema with no acute change.
Unchanged support devices, cardiomegaly and left perihilar opacity.
1.  Innumerable pulmonary nodules/masses likely represent metastases with pericardiac and cardiophrenic lymphadenopathy.  Nodular pleural thickening on the left likely represents pleural metastases.2.  Loculated left pleural effusion.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Interval increase in the ascites.  No contrast is seen in the intrahepatic portal vein branches, which may be secondary to early scanning versus propagation of patient as no portal vein thrombus into the intrahepatic branches.Dr. Dorothy was notified at the time of dictation.
Normal gallbladder and biliary tract with no evidence of cholelithiasis or cholecystitis.
*	Probable 2 small foci of acute vitreous hemorrhage in the right globe.*	No evidence of lens displacement.*	No acute retinal or sub-retinal abnormality.*	No radio-opaque foreign body in the globes are demonstrated. 
1.New left hydronephrosis and hydroureter to the level of pelvic inflammation.2.Extensive air collection in right pelvis, with linear tracking n the right retroperitoneum tracking upwards to the level of the diaphragm and into the spinal canal in the pelvis with no associated free fluid, thick walls, or adjacent streaky inflammatory changes.3.Increase in size of complicated pelvic/precoccygeal fluid collection as described above.
Radial head fracture appearing similar to that seen on the prior study.
Comminuted and partly depressed, up to approximately 5 mm, fracture of the squamosal portion of the left temporal bone, with extension into the greater wing of the sphenoid bone and through the mastoid portion of the left temporal and occipital bones associated with pneumocephalus and transgression of the left transverse sinus, as well as perhaps small contusions in the left lateral temporal lobe and cerebellar hemispheres, but no evidence of large acute intracranial hemorrhage.
No significant change in lymphadenopathy and mesenteric masses.
Normal examination.
No acute abnormalities. 
1.Numerous bilateral partially calcified pleural plaques, consistent with asbestos exposure/asbestos related pleural disease. No definitive evidence of pulmonary metastases.2.Please refer to recent abdomen CT report for additional findings.
The previously demonstrated left paramedian pons acute infarct demonstrated on recent MRI is noted to have corresponding hypodensity on the current exam. 1.	There is no CT evidence of acute territorial, cortical infarct. 2.	There is no acute intracranial hemorrhage. 3.	Given the patient's recent history of small vessel ischemia, if the clinical suspicion for new acute ischemia remains high, MRI would be recommended.
Postoperative chest without complications.
1. Extensive interval postoperative changes as detailed above, with an area of questioned enhancing spiculation along the left paramedian reconstructed floor of mouth, just medial to the left mandibular osteotomy margin. This is nonspecific and could be postoperative, although given its asymmetry and appearance, close follow-up is recommended as well as correlation with PET scan to exclude possibility of residual tumor.2. No definite cervical lymphadenopathy within the limitations of extensive postoperative changes.3. Persistent occlusion of right common carotid artery with nonopacification of the visualized right internal carotid artery.4. Stable prominent plaque along the distal left common carotid artery with mild-moderate narrowing.
Persistent right basilar airspace opacity, suggestive of pneumonia, with stable to marginally increased right pleural effusion.
1.  Left pleural effusion nearly completely resolved.  Right pleural effusion considerably smaller.  Diffuse ground glass opacity nearly resolved.2.  Persistent but slightly smaller subpleural opacity in the anteromedial left upper lobe.3.  Cluster of centrilobular nodules in right upper lobe likely infectious/inflammatory in nature.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1. Complete left lung consolidation/atelectasis with scattered patchy opacities in the right lung are compatible with multifocal early necrotizing pneumonia.2. Moderate to large left and trace right pleural effusions.3. Mediastinal and hilar lymphadenopathy, likely reactive.4. Small pericardial effusion.Findings discussed with Dr. Fromme of the primary care service by the attending radiologist at approximately 9 AM, 3/16/2012.
No specific evidence of infection.
1. Unremarkable head CT- no evidence of acute pathology or bleed. 
No evidence of aspirated tooth in the GI tract from the level of the hypopharynx to the level of L3.
Multiple enhancing lesions are redemonstrated scattered through the cerebral hemispheres and the cerebellum. These range from punctate solidly enhancing foci to somewhat larger rim-enhancing, hemosiderin stained lesions. Given the patient's history, it is possible that several of the above-mentioned lesions represent prior treated metastases, though it seems likely that some of the lesions probably reflect active metastatic deposits. Comparison with prior examinations may be helpful if these can be made available.
No mediastinal or hilar mass.
1.	Interval minimal increase in size of the left tentorial subdural hematoma.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema.  CT is less sensitive to acute hemorrhage after 72 hours from the time of ictus.
Unchanged bilateral subdural hematomas and right sided epidural hematoma. No new hemorrhage. 
No significant abnormality.
Healing fractures of the distal forearm.
1. No discrete pancreatic mass identified.2.  Enlarged lymph nodes in the precaval periportal, celiac, and gastrohepatic region.3. Patent hepatic vasculature.
No acute abnormalities. 
A well circumscribed, space occupying lesion is present centered on the right ambient cistern. The lesion displaces adjacent structures without infiltration or parenchymal edema. The origin of the lesion is not clear, but it could potentially be extra-axial. Internally, the lesion is homogeneous and T2 hyperintense, but also markedly T1 hyperintense with rim susceptibility. This could indicate hemorrhagic products, fatty material, or viscous/proteinaceous material.The differential for this lesion remains broad, but overall, the characteristics are relatively non-aggressive, and as such, a benign etiology is favored. The lesion could represent pure hemorrhage, or a hemorrhagic cyst. Developmental cysts including epidermoid and dermoid should be considered as well. A neoplastic process is not excluded, though the imaging features on the present study are not typical of a teratoma, which would be the most common fetal tumor. Also noted is hypoplasia or absence of the right globe, with dysmorphic/rudimentary orbital structures. Please note that this interpretation is made without the benefit of comparison to ultrasound images. As soon as these images can be obtained, a comparison will be made, and if a change to the interpretation is warranted, an addendum to this report will be issued.
Normal exam.
No acute intracranial abnormality. 
1.	No evidence of metastatic disease to the brain.2.	Stable postsurgical change in the neck with no evidence of disease progression.  3.	Interval decrease in the size of a reference right level 6 lymph node.
No evidence for mass or lymphadenopathy in neck soft tissues.
No acute abnormalities.
Mild cardiomegaly, but no pulmonary abnormality and no sign of metastases.
1.  Negative for a pulmonary embolus.2.  Pulmonary, mediastinal, hilar metastatic disease is stable.3.  New right pleural effusion with nodularity most likely is malignant.3.  Vertebral metastases with new pathologic fracture of T12.
No evidence of acute fracture or dislocation. The soft tissue injury in the right leg.
Large right neck mass consistent with confluent lymphadenopathy concerning for infection or neoplasm such as lymphoma.
Mild basilar subsegmental atelectasis may be due to aspiration. No specific evidence of infection or edema.
1. Left temporal region gunshot wound with a 20 mm wide bullet fragment embedded in the left mastoid bone, traversing the outer cortex and penetrating into the mastoid air cells. Although the bullet fragment itself does not traverse the inner cortex of the mastoid bone and assessment is limited due to the presence of streak artifact, there appears to be a nondisplaced fracture of the inner cortex of the left mastoid bone and air within or adjacent to the underlying left sigmoid sinus. Partial opacification of the left mastoid air cells may represent hemorrhage and/or cerebrospinal fluid leakage. 2. Left lateral cerebellar convexity subdural hematoma that measures up to approximately 15 mm in thickness, multiple hematomas within the left cerebellar hemisphere with associated vasogenic edema and extension into ventricular system and subarachnoid spaces below the foramen magnum to the level of C2 with compression of the upper spinal cord. There is also a small amount of subarachnoid hemorrhage along the left cerebellar folia, superior vermian cistern, and within the interpeduncular cistern, as well as trace subdural hemorrhage along the left tentorial leaflet. 3. Effacement of the fourth ventricle, superior and inferior cerebellar herniation, and effacement of the basal cisterns, with associated obstructive hydrocephalus of the third and lateral ventricles.4. No evidence of cervical spine fracture or subluxation. 5. No evidence of arterial injuries in the head and neck, although assessment of the posterior fossa vessels is limited due to metal streak artifact.
ETT and NGT removed
No acute abnormality.
Stable examination without evidence of recurrent disease.
Left upper lobe opacity and left pleural effusion similar to the recent CT, with no pneumothorax.
No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage, mass effect or edema.
No acute intracranial hemorrhage. Minimal age-indeterminate small vessel ischemic changes. Contrast-enhanced MRI would be more sensitive for abnormalities.
Improved aeration left lower lobe. No evidence of infection or edema.
Stable examination without evidence of metastatic disease. 
1. New right upper lobe pneumonia with underlying emphysema, versus aspiration.2. New large right pleural effusion compressing the right lung base.3. Known tumor unchanged.4. Incidental solitary segmental pulmonary embolus.Findings were discussed with Dr. Patel at the time of dictation, 12:23 PM 1/15/2016.
1.  No evidence of small bowel obstruction as clinically questioned.2.  Bilateral pleural effusions.3.  Edematous soft tissue infiltration with varices along the upper thighs, right greater than left.
Slightly increased renal echogenicity suggestive of parenchymal dysfunction. No obstruction. Benign appearing exophytic right renal cyst is noted. 
1.	No suspicious lung nodule.2.	Mediastinal lymphadenopathy with interval increase in size of mediastinal lymph nodes.3.	Increase in size of the left renal masses which may represent renal cell carcinoma.  Dedicated kidney exam is recommended for further evaluation.4.	Stable right renal hydronephrosis suggestive of UPJ obstruction.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually, due next in October 2017.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Stable cardiomegaly without evidence of edema.
Minimal osteoarthritis.
Right jugular Swan-Ganz catheter pneumothorax. Worsening pulmonary opacities and pleural fluid.
Stable exam with reference measurements provided above.
No evidence of pulmonary embolism to the subsegmental level.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
1. Edematous enlarged right iliac fossa transplant kidney with perinephric fat stranding, concerning for transplant rejection.2. Moderate atherosclerotic calcification of the abdominal aorta and common iliac arteries.3. Distal abdominal aorta aneurysm is increased in size from 2009 CT.
1.No suspicious liver lesion.2.Stable-appearing IPMNs.
Bilateral nephroureterostomy stents appear similar to that seen on the prior CT. Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.
1.  Worsening ascites with no loculated fluid collections.2.  Increased pericardial effusion.3.  Decreased bilateral pleural effusions.
Successful trans-thoracic needle biopsy of right upper lobe lung mass.  Preliminary cytology was suggestive of non-small cell lung cancer, with final pathology pending at the time of dictation.
1.	Stable examination with left posterior parietal ventriculostomy stable in position without evidence of new hydrocephalus.2.	Large posterior fossa extra-axial fluid collection, likely representing arachnoid cyst.
No significant change and no specific evidence of recurrent disease.    
No visible pulmonary nodules or masses. No acute pulmonary abnormality.
No specific evidence of pneumonia.
No evidence of metastatic disease.
Slight interval increase in size of right thyroid bed nodule and left lower lobe pulmonary nodule.  No new sites of disease.
] Progressive airspace opacities sparing the apices with a component of volume loss most compatible with edema.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1. Suboptimal examination demonstrating no central pulmonary emboli.  Segmental and subsegmental emboli cannot be excluded.  No secondary signs of pulmonary embolism.  2.  No findings to explain the patient's shortness of breath.
Mild patchy cerebral white mater hypoattenuation is nonspecific, but may represent small vessel ischemia. However, non-contrast CT is insensitive for the detection of non-hemorrhagic acute infarct. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or mass. 
Osteoarthritis of the left hip and other findings as described above.
1.	Right lower abdominal ileostomy with hyperenhancement of the terminal ileum; findings of distal stasis of within the small bowel; mild jejunal fold thickening2.	Rectal wall thickening and hyper enhancement indicating ongoing inflammation. Small perirectal lymph nodes.
Bilateral nephrolithiasis, status post urinary diversion.  New right nephrostomy tube and drainage catheter, as described above.  Gas bubbles in right flank subcutaneous tissues may be related to recent instrumentation or infection.  Multiple additional findings appear stable.
1.	5-mm obstructing renal calculus in the distal left ureter.  Mild hydroureter without significant hydronephrosis.2.	Fatty infiltration of the liver.
No significant change from previous study.
Benign calcifications of the right breast. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually, due in March 2017. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
No radiographic findings to account for the patient's pain.
1.	Stool distended rectum with mild perirectal inflammatory changes. Correlate for stercoral colitis. 2.	No evidence of bowel obstruction, cholelithiasis or pancreatitis.
1.Ill defined soft tissue compatible with a given history of pancreatic adenocarcinoma, with vascular encasement of the celiac and hepatic vascular branches as detailed above as well as local gastric and duodenal infiltration.2.Deep vein thrombosis of the left lower extremity. IVC filter is in place.
A nonspecific left upper lobe process raising concern for possible acute hemorrhage possibly secondary to an infarct.  Infection or even an atypical drug reaction must be considered.The patient's service was contacted (Dr  Georgitis) with this potentially unexpected result.
Osteoarthritis and other findings as described above.
Hallux valgus deformity and degenerative changes as described above 
Grossly stable size of the left supraclavicular mass though with increased heterogeneity which may represent treatment response.Interval increase in conspicuity and likely volume of enhancing tissue in the left paraspinal region from C5 down to T4 which extends into the neural foramen and epidural space.  Greatest burden of soft tissue is from C6/C7 down through T1/T2.Interval increase in lytic metastasis involving the vertebral bodies from C5 down to T3.  New facet destruction on the left at C7 secondary to the enhancing paraspinal soft tissue.Hyperdense material within the right globe in the setting of asymmetric enhancement of the right sclera compared to the contralateral side .  Findings may represent layering inflammatory debris from scleritis or hemorrhagic blood products.  Metastasis is considered less likely but remains in the differential.  Correlation with ophthalmologic exam is suggested.Extensive lung pathology.  Please see CT chest for further evaluation.
Fractures of the radial head and coronoid process.
Normal examination.
No acute intracranial abnormalities. 
No acute abnormality.  Subcortical white matter edema less visible when compared to the prior study.
The above findings are consistent with severe congestive heart failure.
Stable negative examination. 
1.	Mildly distended bowel loops in the pelvis, overall decreased in caliber from the prior study.  No specific evidence for bowel obstruction.2.	No definite fistula identified.3.	Nonspecific pulmonary micronodules measuring to 4 mm.  If the patient is a high risk for lung malignancy, a follow up CT of the chest is recommended in one year.  Otherwise no follow-up is strictly necessary.
Negative nonenhanced head CT.
1. Left femoral central venous catheter is coiled within the soft tissues with the tip terminating at the left common iliac vein.2. Interval improvement in the moderate gaseous distention of the bowel loops.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Normal exam, without evidence of sarcoidosis.
New right lower lobe opacity with adjacent haziness, probably infectious/inflammatory. Given superior segment of lower lobe location, TB is in the differential diagnosis.
1.	Stable infarctions demonstrated some expected evolution.2.	No CT evidence of hemorrhagic conversion. 
Nonspecific mesenteric borderline enlarged lymph nodes are stable.Otherwise unremarkable study. 
1.Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.2.Mild hepatomegaly and cardiomegaly.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.	Interval increase in the size of the supratentorial ventricular system since prior study.  Small amount of blood in the dependent portion of bilateral occipital horns are also a new finding since prior exam.2.	There is effacement of cortical sulci compared to prior exam which is likely secondary to enlargement of the ventricles.3.	Complete resolution of right frontal CSF density subdural.4.	No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage or midline shift.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.  BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Stable postsurgical changes of the right breast. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
No significant interval change in cardiopulmonary appearance. 
Post operative appearance as noted above.Small left renal stones.
1.Status post right nephrectomy with no evidence of residual or recurrent disease.
No evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease
Basilar pleuroparenchymal opacities, not substantially changed. No new focal pleural parenchymal opacity.
1.Moderate esophageal motility abnormality. 2.Transient small vestibular penetration seen.
A few prominent small bowel loops may represent developing ileus. Follow-up with dedicated abdominal radiograph suggested.
Nonspecific bronchial wall thickening, which could be a manifestation of viral infection, but there is no other evidence of pneumonia.
No specific evidence of osteomyelitis.
No evidence of thoracic or upper abdominal metastatic disease.
Normal brain CT.
Unchanged pulmonary opacities. ET tube tip approximately 3 cm above the carina.
No evidence of traumatic injury.  There is no malrotation or pneumoperitoneum.
Slightly disorganized bowel gas pattern.
1.	Soft tissue lesion along the left anterior nose in the subcutaneous tissue that is new since the prior study. Clinical evaluation is recommended.2.	Limited evaluation of the soft tissues of the upper lip given the significant metallic streak artifact surrounding the maxilla.  No discrete lesion is identified.  No lymphadenopathy.
Coarse increased echogenicity of the liver compatible with steatosis or diffuse infiltrative process. No gallstones or gallbladder pathology identified.
Fluid in the oropharynx, hypopharynx and supraglottic parapharyngeal soft tissues with deep fascial plane effacement.  Fluid also present in the right submandibular and retropharyngeal spaces.  Findings likely represent edema.  If the patient is experiencing fever and pain infectious etiologies should be considered although it is unusual to not have enhancement of the adjacent mucosal tissues.  Lack of enhancement may be observed if the patient is immunocompromised.  Clinical correlation is recommended.  If clinical symptoms do not help explain these findings MRI may be indicated.Prominent to slightly enlarged cervical and superior mediastinal lymph nodes as discussed above.  
1.  Slight increase in left upper lobe mass and new small nodules in the right lung suspicious for metastases.2.  Increase in large necrotic mass in the right kidney.
Left retroareolar asymmetry for which comparison with prior imaging is recommended. If priors are not submitted for comparison, the patient will be recalled for additional imaging, including spot compression views and possible ultrasound.BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: OB - OLD FILM FOR COMPARISON
No acute intracranial abnormality or calvarial fracture. 
Nonobstructive 5 mm left renal calculus.  No hydronephrosis.
No significant abnormalities. 
1.	Stable exam without recurrent disease.
1. Large left anterior abdominal fluid collection consistent with an acute hematoma.2. Moderate ascites.3. Hypodense right renal lesion which may represent a cyst but is incompletely evaluated without contrast. 
No acute disease
1.No CT findings of abdominal or pelvic malignancy. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Nonspecific presacral inflammatory fat stranding. No drainable fluid collection. Clinical correlation is needed.
No significant change from previous study.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Unchanged pleural effusions, basilar opacities and support devices.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality. 2. Mild small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age. 3. Lacunar infarcts in the pons and left cerebellum. 
New opacity in the right lower lobe, which appears more focal than the opacity seen on the recent chest CT examination, and may represent aspirated blood.
Bibasilar interstitial opacities may represent mild edema.
1. Findings which may be seen with nutcracker syndrome, including narrowing of the left renal vein and a dilated left gonadal vein with retrograde flow. While this is an unlikely cause of the patient's symptoms, this can be associated with hematuria.2. No other abnormalities within the kidneys or renal collecting systems.3. Cystic lesion in the body of the pancreas may represent a cyst or possibly an IPMN and could be further evaluated with MRI if clinically indicated.
Diverticulum along the medial aspect of the GE junction/fundus measuring up to 1.4 cm presumed be a pulsion-type diverticulum based on prior history of gastric band placement. No other significant abnormality noted.
Slight reduction in the density of the subdural since prior exam.
1.	Vague area of enhancement along the left lateral margin of the reconstructed oral cavity, corresponding to the area of increased activity on the PET scan.  This region is less conspicuous than the recent comparison examination and is of uncertain significance though residual tumor remains in the differential consideration.  MRI or close CT followup can also be considered.2.	Increased opacification of left maxillary sinus likely due to trapped secretions versus less likely soft tissue mass in light of the low level activity on the recent PET scan.  Please correlate with direct inspection.  MRI or close CT followup can also be considered.3.	Equivocal increase in size of a single submental lymph node however unchanged from the recent PET scan and showing no uptake on that examination.  
Large right pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis and consolidation. Aspiration and/or infection should be considered.Please also see the subsequently performed chest CT report for additional evaluation.
1. Findings compatible with demyelinating disease. Lesions are evident supra- and ifratentorially as well as the brainstem and possibly upper cervical spinal cord. Some of these lesions demonstrates T1 hypointensity which indicate chronicity. Several of these lesions do enhance but the majority do not.2. Unremarkable evaluation of the orbits. 
1.Findings are seen compatible with hypoxic ischemic injury involving the peri-Rolandic cortex, basal ganglia and thalami, the occipital cortex, and possibly the left hippocampus.2.These findings exist on a background of extensive white matter volume loss which seems to have progressed from a 2005 examination.
1.  Minimal interval increase in size of known left upper lobe squamous cell carcinoma as measured above.2.  Interval increase in size of mediastinal and interlobar/segmental level lymphadenopathy. The imaging characteristics favor a mycobacterial or fungal infection although tumor cannot be entirely excluded.3.  Extensive bibasilar endobronchial and airspace opacities as discussed above are more likely infectious in etiology than tumor given the rapid progression from the prior study.  Consider reactivation of fungal or mycobacterial disease. Continued follow, however, is advised to exclude tumor.Findings discussed with Dr. Villaflor at time of dictation.
No definite radiographic evidence of osteomyelitis. 
1.  Non-diagnostic study for evaluation of PE due to poor opacification of the pulmonary arteries.2.  Mild bilateral bronchiectasis.3.  Several borderline mediastinal lymph nodes.
1.  Emphysema2.  Bronchial wall thickening with mucus plugging and small centrilobular nodules.  Findings are suggestive of bronchiolitis, which is mostly postinfectious/postinflammatory or due to aspiration.
No significant change in small left-sided subdural hematoma with mild local mass effect.
Interval increase in size and number of multiple enhancing lesions within the liver that demonstrate definite washout on delayed images, consistent with hepatocellular carcinoma.  Hepatocellular carcinoma lesions are diffuse, affecting most of segment two
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
Subtle areas of increased attenuation in the subarachnoid space is suggestive of subdural hematomas.  This finding was communicated to CPS at the time of interpretation.
Removal of thoracic vent with interval placement of right chest tube. No significant pneumothorax.
Moderate stool burden.
1. There was no evidence of small bowel stricture, fistula, or obstruction. 2. There is a looped configuration of the duodenum, and the descending segment was dilated. A hyper-rotated cecum, located medially, was noted.
Interval growth of the left frontal sinus enhancing mass extends toward left ethmoid sinus and left mesial aspect of the orbit indicating recurrent sinus tumor. Other differential diagnosis include new slowly growing sinus tumor or metastasis. The possibility of inflammatory or infectious lesion is unlikely.
1. Right paraspinal soft tissue lesion spanning from C4/5 junction to C6/7 junction with right transverse process and facet joint involvement at C5/6 level. It has interval enlarged in size and become more conspicuous when compared to previous study. It is difficult to assess whether the lesion has infiltrated through the neural foramen into intracanal space. A MRI study is recommended to further address intra-canal pathology.2. Interval stable paraspinal soft tissue metastasis at C1/2 level.3. No evidence of pathological lymphadenopathy.4. Multiple lung nodules. Please refer to the dedicated chest CT for more comments.  
Expected appearance status post superior segment left lower lobe resection.
1.Abnormal masslike contour of the cardiac silhouette on the right side with question right hilar adenopathy. Recommend CT chest with IV contrast for further evaluation.Findings were discussed with referring clinician Julie Oyler on October 6, 2016 at 1:50 PM
1. Evidence of small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age.2. Vertebrobasilar dolichoectasia.   
1.	No evidence of new hemorrhage, ischemic change or hydrocephalus.2.	Questionable minimal residual blood in the right sylvian fissure.
Large retrocardiac mediastinal mass extending into the abdomen.  Extensive and numerous pleural-based nodules in the left lower hemithorax. Multiple additional findings, as described above. 
Innumerable nodular opacities favored to be metastatic however superimposed infection in the lung bases is not excluded. Bronchial wall thickening/interstitial abnormality may reflect lymphangitic tumor or edema.
1.	Lack of IV contrast decreases the sensitivity in detection of mass lesions.  Given this, CT exam of the brain is within normal limits and no mass is identified.2.	Minimal chronic sinusitis in the maxillary sinuses.
No visible pneumothorax. Pulmonary nodules most compatible with metastases.
1.  Posttreatment changes without evidence of recurrent mass or adenopathy within the neck.2.  No evidence for intracranial metastases.
Bronchial wall thickening, mucus plugging, and bronchiectasis with interval increase in right lower lobe centrilobular groundglass opacities. Findings are consistent with asthma with accompanying ABPA suspected.
1. Benign mass in lower inner left breast on mammogram.2. High probability benign mass in the left breast at the 7 o'clock position on ultrasound for which 6 month followup ultrasound is recommended.BIRADS: 3 - Probably benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: 3B - Followup at Short Interval (1-11 Months).
Stable examination without acute or metastatic process.
Although there is only mild mucosal thickening and small mucous retention cyst/polyps within the paranasal sinuses, there is relatively severe obstruction of the paranasal sinus ostia.  Specifically, the bilateral sphenoethmoidal recesses, the right frontoethmoidal recess, and the right ostiomeatal complex are opacified.  There is also opacification of the ostium of the left posterior meatal complex and large bilateral Haller cells.Intersphenoid septum attaches to the left carotid canal.
11. Contusion and laceration along the left nasal ala with comminuted and displaced fractures of the left frontal process of the maxilla and bilateral nasal bones, as well as the anterior nasal septum. The orbits appear to be intact, however. 2. Tooth number 18 is carious.
1.Multiple hepatic masses compatible with known history of pathology proven malignancy. Occlusion of the right portal vein as above. No biliary drain is seen.2.New deep venous thrombosis of the right external iliac and femoral veins.3.Indeterminate sclerotic and lytic lesions in the bony pelvis as above can be further worked up with bone scan if clinically indicated.
No specific radiographic features to account for the patient's leg or knee pain. If there is clinical concern for stress injury, repeat radiographs in 7-14 days can be obtained. Alternatively, MRI can be considered.
1. No evidence of typhlitis or any other acute intra-abdominal abnormalities.2. Nonspecific hypoattenuating lesion within the pancreatic body.3. Stable hypoattenuating hepatic lesion.
Interval decrease in size of left paraspinal soft tissue masses and left lung base subpleural mass.  New punctate and linear calcifications in these masses.
No free intraperitoneal air. No significant change from prior radiograph except for progression of oral contrast into the more distal colon.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
1.Artifact from motion and a ACDF from C3-C7 limits evaluation of the cervical spine. Within these limitations, there are multilevel degenerative changes and grade 1 anterolisthesis of C2 on C3 but no cord compression.2.Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with a compression fracture of the T10 vertebral body with approximately 50% height loss,significantly progressed compared to the CT exam from 12/27/2014. Morphologic features of this compression fracture suggest a benign etiology.3.Multi-level degenerative changes of the lumbar spine most severe at L4/5 but no significant spinal canal narrowing as described above.
Perineal soft tissue mass better evaluated on the prior MRI, and not well seen on today's exam. 
Bilateral inguinal adenopathy of uncertain etiology and significance.
1.	Interval placement of bilateral DBS.  The appropriateness of the positions of the deep brain stimulators should be decided by the referring clinical physician.2.	Minimal hemorrhage likely in the subarachnoid space and minimally along the right DBS in the high convexity right frontal lobe is noted.
1. Postsurgical changes of Whipple procedure. Infiltrative retroperitoneal soft tissue with vascular encasement as described above, compatible with local recurrence.2. Centrally necrotic hepatic dome lesion highly suspicious for metastatic disease3. Nonenlarged celiac axis and cardiophrenic lymph nodes, which are hypermetabolic on concurrent PET.4. Indeterminate right pulmonary micronodules.  Continued attention on follow-up is suggested.
Normal examination.
No acute fracture or malalignment.
CHF. No specific evidence of infection.
Negative unenhanced brain and max/facial CT.
Retraction of ET tube and removal of NG tube.
1.No findings to explain symptoms. Trace right pleural effusion. Other chest findings.
Decrease in size of right breast cysts. Stable postsurgical changes in left breast. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
Stable ventral wall hernia. No evidence of strangulation or bowel ischemia.
1.No definite acute intracranial abnormality.2.Mild age indeterminate microvascular ischemia.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.  BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSD - Screening Mammogram.
Subcutaneous lipoma and other findings as described above.
1) Minimal abnormal wall thickening as well as minimal fat stranding is seen  beginning distally at the rectum continuing at least to the level of the sigmoid colon, findings are consistent with known history of ulcerative colitis.  No other significant abnormality is appreciated.
No CT evidence of acute intracranial process.  Please note CT is insensitive for the evaluation of masses or early ischemia.
Multiple pulmonary micronodules, most likely post infectious in etiology in the absence of known malignancy .
Stable left acetabular osseous lesion which in combination with a prior CT remains suspicious for metastatic disease. 
Successful CT guided biopsy of a left iliac bone lucent lesion.Scout Stacy, M.D. was present for the entire procedure.
Normal radiographs of the right hip.
No definite findings to suggest source of infection with the exception of atelectasis at the lung bases.  Diffuse fatty infiltration of an enlarged liver.  Intrauterine device.
Suboptimal exam with no evidence of pulmonary emboli.
Bilateral total knee arthroplasty devices as described above with questionable loosening of the left tibial component. 
Extensive lymphadenopathy as described above and splenomegaly consistent with history of CLL.
Diffuse ground glass opacity with interlobular septal thickening and thickening of the small airways.  This could represent edema, atypical infection including viral/PCP or bronchiolitis.   Motion artifact is noted and accentuates this finding.
Multiple bilateral asymmetries stable or decreased over multiple prior exams compatible with a benign process. As long as the patient's clinical breast exam remains stable, annual bilateral screening mammogram is recommended.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
Stable aneurysmal dilatation of the ascending aorta measuring 4.6 cm in its greatest diameter.
Likely expected postoperative appearance.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. The sensitivity of mammography for detecting breast cancer is decreased in patients with dense breasts. Additional screening with automated whole breast ultrasound can be considered as a supplemental tool for cancer detection.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSD - Screening Mammogram. I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Multifocal opacities likely atelectasis or pneumonia. No radiopaque foreign bodies.
No MRI evidence for malignancy. Stable postsurgical changes in the left breast. BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Routine Diagnostic Mammogram.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
1.	No evidence for pulmonary embolism.2.	Bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left, and perihilar groundglass opacities are consistent with pulmonary edema.3.	Ectasia of the descending and ascending aorta.
Right PICC tip projects over the distal SVC.
No evidence of acute chest syndrome.
Scoliosis as described above.
Moderate amount of fecal burden but improved from prior study.
Within the limitation of this single radiograph, no acute fracture identified.
1.Cirrhosis with periportal fibrosis. No suspicious focal hepatic lesion. Please note that evaluation is slightly limited due to chronic portal vein obliteration.2.Chronic portal vein obliteration with innumerable small periportal collateral vessels. Previously described portosystemic vessel nonocclusive thrombus is no longer visualized.
Homogeneous appearance of transplanted kidney without significant peritransplant fluid collection.Patent inflow and outflow vasculature. Elevated resistive index in the donor splenic artery likely due to transplant edema given patent venous drainage.
No foreign body evident.
No evidence of infection
1. No acute intracranial abnormality. 2. Opacification of the paranasal sinuses with fluids and blood products is consistent with postsurgical changes. 
1. Diffuse bilateral pleural thickening. Status post median sternotomy.  No other significant extra-cardiovascular abnormalities in the visualized portion of the thorax.  2. Normal pulmonary vein anatomy.  3. Status post mitral valve replacement. Moderate left atrial dilation.   4. Ramus intermedius branch is noted. Small amount of right coronary artery calcification. 
No significant abnormality. No evidence of edema or pleural effusions.
1. Interval post treatment change in the neck soft tissue with no evidence of tumor recurrence. 2. There is no pathologic lymphadenopathy.
1.	Post operative changes in the stomach and small bowel - duodenal switch procedure with obstruction of the biliary limb due to an anterior abdominal wall hernia.
1.  Minimal interval decrease in right adnexal mass.  Stable left adnexal mass.2. Interval decrease in ascites.3. Stable pericorneal carcinomatosis.
Overall, decreased size and FDG avidity of the centrally necrotic right hilar mass. An area of peripheral nodular uptake adjacent to this mass may be part of the tumor seen on the prior study, however, we cannot exclude the possibility of a new lesion.
1.No primary mass is identified, however there are scattered prominent lymph nodes adjacent to the rectum, approximately 4 mm from the mesorectal fascia posteriorly. No evidence of distant metastatic disease. 2.Submucosal fat deposition in the rectosigmoid and descending colon are suggestive of a chronic inflammatory process. No acute inflammatory changes are visualized.
Postoperative change in the upper abdomen.Adenopathy is noted.Presumed left ovarian cyst rupture.
1.  Nonspecific micronodules in the lungs.  2.  Nonspecific hypodensity in the left lobe of the liver.3.  Postsurgical changes as described above.
Stable exam with severe atherosclerotic changes of the aorta and extensive calcification of its wall. Focal aortic dilatation at the level of the aortic arch is unchanged.
1.There may be mild age indeterminate microvascular ischemia, but no definite acute intracranial abnormality is seen.2.Scattered areas of atherosclerotic disease are seen intracranially and in the neck but there are no high-grade vascular occlusive lesions.
Cardiomegaly with diffuse interstitial opacities appearing similar to prior, which could represent edema or a more chronic interstitial process. CT could be considered for further evaluation. 
No significant abnormality.
Normal examination of the soft tissues of the neck.
1.  Acute pulmonary emboli seen in the right lower lobe segmental arteries.  2.  Large left pleural effusion and associated atelectasis.3.  Right lung opacities, some nodular, may represent infection (given history of candidemia), aspiration and/or hemorrhage. These findings were discussed with the ordering physician (4228) at the time of dictation.
1. Findings are compatible with early subacute stroke in the left posterior cerebral artery territory, involving the medial left temporal and occipital lobes and left thalamus. No evidence of hemorrhage. 2. Greater than 50% stenosis of the left internal carotid artery origin. 3. Occlusion of the distal left posterior cerebral artery.  4. Calcified atherosclerosis of bilateral cavernous/supraclinoid carotid arteries.  5. Cervical, mediastinal and axillary lymphadenopathy. 
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSA - Screening Mammogram.
1. Evidence of bilateral spondylolysis at L4 without spondylolisthesis. 2. Small disc herniations at L4-L5 and L5-S1 better evaluated on MRI. 
Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age.  Stable appearance of right cerebral hemisphere consistent with prior right MCA infarction.  If there is continued concern for acute ischemic disease, consider MRI for further evaluation.
Increased echogenicity of both kidneys.
1.	Percutaneous biliary catheter without a drainable fluid collection.  No definite evidence of a hepatic abscess.  Given the infection of the catheter this suggests a cholangitis.  If biliary obstruction is a clinical concern a M.R.C.P. would be better able to delineate the bile ducts.
1. Unchanged borderline prominent level 2 cervical lymph nodes which are nonspecific. Otherwise, no significant cervical lymphadenopathy.2. Status post right pneumonectomy and left pleural based lung micronodule. Please refer to dedicated chest CT performed the same day for further evaluation.
Small chronic residua of previously seen emboli bilaterally with evidence of pulmonary hypertension, small vessel disease, and right ventricular strain.
1.  Limited examination; however, no saddle pulmonary embolus.  Emboli beyond this level cannot be excluded.2.  Examination nondiagnostic for deep venous thrombosis. 
1.	No evidence of any new hemorrhage since prior exam.  2.	Stable minimal subarachnoid hemorrhage and hemorrhage along the superior surface of tentorial leafs (right greater than left) since prior exam.3.	Subtle parenchymal edema in the left anterior temporal and frontal in the immediate surgical site of left sylvian fissure aneurysm clips.4.	Stable normal size of ventricular system and maintained midline.5.	Slight interval decrease of post operative pneumocephalus.
Right-sided pleural effusion has minimally increased and bilateral lung opacities not significantly changed.
Segmentation anomaly with no other abnormality identified.
NG tube tip in stomach.
Marked soft tissue swelling and edema involving the left buccal mucosa and premaxillary fat pad, most prominence adjacent to the left mandibular alveolus.  There are no rim-enhancing fluid collection to suggest abscess formation.  No evidence of orbital mass or fluid collection.  Marked sinus disease.  Enlarged lymph nodes seen bilaterally, left larger than right, most likely reactive/inflammatory, correlate clinically.
No evidence of sinusitis.
No acute intracranial abnormality. Mild small vessel ischemic disease. Noncontrast CT is insensitive to detection of neoplasm. 
No significant change from previous study.
Stable examination.  No evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease. 
1. Large heterogeneously enhancing mass involving the pineal gland with infiltration and cystic changes extending into the left greater than right thalami and midbrain. There is mild surrounding parenchymal edema. Finding is favored to represent an aggressive pineal neoplasm and has already been biopsied.2. Severe mass effect on the cerebral aqueduct and posterior third ventricle with ventriculomegaly. Endoscopic third ventriculostomy is noted and appears widely patent. Right transfrontal ventriculostomy/Ommaya catheter also noted.3. No other lesions in the brain or evidence of drop metastasis in the spine.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality on radiography.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1. Single focus of encephalomalacia in the left occipital lobe with cortical hemosiderin deposition. Differential considerations include chronic focal cortical prior hemorrhage from other causes such as cortical venous thrombosis and conceivably an underlying vascular malformation. Acute process is unlikely since there is no evidence of surrounding brain parenchymal edema.Underlying neoplasm is considered less likely given the lack of mass effect. 2. No additional hemorrhagic foci are identified. For further characterization, post-contrast sequences are recommended.
IABP marker unchanged
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities identified without interval change. No specific evidence of infection.
No acute intracranial abnormality on CT to explain patient's symptoms.Stable intracranial and extracranial position of ventriculostomy tube.  Unchanged midline shift secondary to right-sided cerebral volume loss without significant interval change since prior exam.
No evidence of intrathoracic sarcoidosis or other acute pulmonary abnormality.  Mild bilateral axillary and sub-pectoral lymph node enlargement is a nonspecific finding but may be seen in patients with SLE.
1. No evidence of acute intracranial abnormality.2. Stable post craniectomy change at the left temporal region.
No evidence of acute intracranial abnormality.
1.	Left ovarian vein thrombosis.2.	Enlarged, heterogenous uterus and small amount of free pelvic fluid.These findings were communicated to the ER physician Dr. Beck with read back of report on 7/21/11 at 9:20 am.
Sentinel node identified in the left axilla.
Frontal bone fracture on the right extending through the ethmoid sinus with a punctate parenchymal contusion in the left parasagittal frontal region.  Dr. McGarry was notified of these findings at the time of dictation.
No significant interval change in the size of the enhancing right cerebral hemisphere tumor, but the surrounding white matter abnormality, which may represent edema, has increased in extent.
Interval resection of previously visualized neobladder with construction of ileal conduit now seen; no specific evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease. Please see above for details.
Left pleural effusion and basilar atelectasis or consolidation.  Healed or healing rib fractures on the left.  Bilateral nephrolithiasis new finding compared 2007.  Minimal fat stranding and fluid along the right paracolic gutter and anterior pararenal space.  Small scattered lymph nodes not pathologic by size criteria.  Severe degenerative changes right hip greater than left.  Vascular calcification.
Progressing near complete opacification of the left hemithorax likely combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis/consolidation, superimposed infection not excluded. 
1. Coarse and echogenic liver consistent with chronic liver disease/parenchymal dysfunction. No ductal dilatation, mass, or ascites.2. Atrophic kidneys consistent with chronic medical renal disease/parenchymal dysfunction.3. No evidence of cholelithiasis or gallbladder disease.
Focal asymmetry in the left upper outer breast. Submission of prior examinations is recommended for comparison. If prior examinations are not available, further evaluation with spot compression and possible ultrasound examination is recommended.BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: OB - OLD FILM FOR COMPARISON
No evidence of metastatic disease, or other significant abnormality.
Mild ileus pattern without evidence of obstruction. Below average stool burden.
Prominent areae gastricae within the proximal stomach. Correlation for gastritis/H. pylori infection recommended. 
No evidence for acute, inflammatory, or neoplastic process.Diffusely thickened bladder wall, associated with large prostate; favor trabeculation/chronic inflammation.
1. Oblique tear of the posterior horn of the medial meniscus. The lateral meniscus demonstrates thinning and intrasubstance degeneration but without focal tear.2. Mild diffuse tricompartmental cartilage thinning with a small focal full-thickness defect within the medial femoral condyle anteriorly.
1.	This exam is insensitive for definitive diagnosis of spinal infectious/abscess formation.  However within this limitation of the study there is no finding to suggest presence of an infectious process and or an abscess formation.2.	There is evidence of central spinal stenosis at L3 -- L4 and L4 -- L5 levels secondary to degenerative disk disease and hypertrophy changes of posterior.  A large herniated disk at the L4 -- L5 level and or a very significant bulge of disk is suspected.
Status post abdominal silo removal.Interval retraction of ET tube.Left lower lobe atelectasis and right-sided pleural effusion on a background of diffuse lung haziness.Almost gasless abdomen.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No substantial difference compared to 2002.
No acute fracture or dislocation.
1. Interval development of scattered foci of diffusion restriction along the left corona radiata with associated patchy enhancement and abnormal FLAIR hyperintensity. Additional patchy enhancement in FLAIR abnormality extends into the left posterior putamen. Differential diagnosis would include evolving subacute infarcts, parenchymal leukemic involvement such as chloroma or involvement by pial spread to perivascular spaces, and less likely demyelinating process. Possibility of other primary malignancy given history of whole brain radiation in 2012 is not entirely excluded, and may be angiocentric in nature. Please correlate clinically.2. Stable punctate focus of leptomeningeal enhancement along the right precentral sulcus. Although nonspecific, in conjunction with persistent punctate enhancement in the right superior vermis and left occipital pole sulcal enhancement of, residual leptomeningeal involvement by ALL remains a possibility.3. Interval slight decreased extent of left great than right periatrial white matter abnormal signal upon background of diffuse confluent abnormal FLAIR hyperintensity within the white matter likely relating to postradiation changes.4. Transitional lumbosacral spinal anatomy. Interval complete resolution of cauda equina nerve root previously minimally residual fine nodular enhancement, noted retrospectively, and nerve root thickening, consistent with resolved spinal leptomeningeal metastatic disease.5. Stable nonspecific dural thickening and enhancement along the distal thecal sac
Healing medial malleolar fracture as above.
No acute disease
Bullet fragments adjacent to the proximal left tibia as described above. Findings relayed to the MRI technologist at 1500 on 1/28/15.
Unchanged large right pleural fluid collection and ipsilateral pleural thickening. Index lymph node not significantly changed. No new suspicious findings.
Postoperative and degenerative changes as described above, appearing similar to those on the prior study.
No acute abnormality. Healed or healing right rib fracture.
Stable postsurgical changes of esophagectomy with gastric pull up.  No evidence of metastatic disease in the chest, abdomen, or pelvis.
Anterior abdominal subcutaneous tissue fluid collection with peripheral enhancement is nonspecific and may represent postoperative changes or infection as CT cannot definitely characterize fluid.  There is no evidence of dehiscence or herniation.
No significant change in large pleural effusions with underlying left lower lobe partial consolidation
1. Right apical nodule which is stable since the previous exam but larger since 2010 and may be infectious, primary carcinoma or metastatic disease.  Further follow-up is recommended.2. Mixed lytic/sclerotic vertebral lesion suspicious for metastatic disease.
1. No evidence of infection.2. Nonspecific micronodules.  3. Mild splenomegaly.
Acute-subacute left sided subdural hematoma, difficult to compare to prior examination due to technique differences.  However, degree of mass-effect and maximal depth of the hematoma appears similar to prior examination of December 26.
1.  Findings consistent with FESS with associated surgical changes.  There is moderate opacification of the sphenoid sinus with increased attenuation which may represent inspissated mucus versus underlying fungal sinus disease.  There is also associated mild inflammatory changes involving the right maxillary sinus and frontal sinus.2.  Mild left-sided nasal septal deviation.
1. Multiple non-specific non-enhancing hepatic hypodense lesions; the differential diagnosis is broad and includes granulomatous disease (including sarcoid), complicated cystic changes, unusual chronic infections (fungal, atypical bacterium), metastatic disease and/ or inflammatory etiologies. The lack of a primary tumor site and the lack of documented imaging of fluid filled cysts would make these options unlikely.2. Non-obstructing left nephrolithiasis.3. Partially imaged, unopacified left superficial femoral bypass graft suggestive of occlusion.
Increasing tree-in-bud nodularity in the left upper lobe with associated cystic apical lesion, which is decreasing in size, is compatible with active fungal pneumonia, tuberculosis, or nontuberculous mycobacterial infection.
1.The portal vein is patent with hepatopedal flow, but the velocities are again elevated, now measuring 54 cm/s, previously 42 cm/s.2.Cholelithiasis without cholecystitis or biliary ductal dilatation.3.Hepatomegaly. Diffusely increased echogenicity and coarse echotexture of the hepatic parenchyma, consistent with fatty liver/hepatic parenchymal dysfunction. No hepatic mass or ductal dilatation.
The patient is status post occlusion of the right subclavian artery and the graft placement the left subclavian along the left common carotid artery. There is no significant stenosis identified of the carotid arteries was deployed into the left subclavian
Stable intracranial findings as described above. No acute intracranial abnormality or interval change. 
Normal examination.
Moderate ascites, predominantly in the lower abdomen and on the right side.
No significant change.
Slight increase in small left-sided pneumothorax left chest tube remains in place.
Gallstones.  Colonic diverticula.  Mild dilatation of the terminal ileum with questionable small bowel feces sign of uncertain etiology.  This may indicate a degree of chronic constipation.  Otherwise no clear etiology for abdominal pain.
Unremarkable CT sinus. 
Probable mild pulmonary edema.
1.Markedly hypermetabolic foci within the liver consistent with known history of cholangiocarcinoma.2.Multiple hypermetabolic pulmonary nodules, mediastinal nodes, and hilar lymph nodes highly suspicious for metastatic disease.3.Mild to moderately hypermetabolic ascending and transverse colonic wall activity which may be secondary to colitis; however, underlying neoplasm cannot be excluded.4.Moderate to large volume ascites.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
Low lung volumes with left atelectasis and bilateral pleural effusions.
Thyroid size within normal limits without significant abnormality evident on sonography.
1. Enteric tube tip projects over the antropyloric region.2. Mild ileus pattern.
Study limited by low lung volumes. Patchy bibasilar opacities which may represent atelectasis and/or consolidated lung. Repeat radiograph in full inspiration is suggested.
Fracture of the ulnar aspect of the base of the proximal phalanx of the thumb. The patient is being evaluated by orthopedic surgery.
1.Sigmoid and descending colon diverticulosis without CT evidence of acute diverticulitis.2.Cholelithiasis.3.Fibroid uterus.
Hepatomegaly with marked coarse and echogenic renal parenchyma suggests chronic liver disease. No definite hepatic lesion is visualized, however, given the degree of echogenicity, a subtle lesion could be missed.
Findings concerning for distal small bowel obstruction.
1.No evidence of pulmonary embolism.2.Bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left, with adjacent atelectasis in the right middle and lower lobe.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
Osteoarthritis as above.
Orthopedic fixation of the lower lumbar spine as above.
1.	Stable examination without evidence of disease progression.
1. Moderate diffuse bronchial wall thickening consistent with infectious or inflammatory bronchitis. Focal short segment severe bronchial narrowing the right lower lobe is most likely of similar etiology however 3-4 month conservative CT follow-up is suggested to exclude possibility of an a focal nonbenign lesion arising from the airway. 2. Signs of pulmonary hypertension.3. Axillary and subpectoral lymphadenopathy unchanged.4. RV lead extends to the pulmonary outflow tract, exact lead position difficult to assess due to lack of cardiac gating however it may extend into the adjacent extravascular fat, unchanged from prior exam.5. Apparent narrowing of cervical trachea below the vocal cord level; unable to exclude tracheal stenosis, incompletely evaluated.
No pulmonary metastases.
1.No definite free intra-abdominal air.2.Chronic pancreatitis3.Ileus.
Interval reduction of distal radial fracture.
Acute displaced fracture of the distal radial metaphysis and additional acute fracture of the distal ulna.
Significant enlargement of a right pleural effusion occupying over one half of the right hemithorax volume.
Interval ET tube removal, additional NG tube placement and placement of central line as described.Multifocal opacities, likely atelectasis or pneumonia.
Unchanged basilar opacities and pleural effusions. IABP catheter tip unchanged in position.
CT findings consistent with patient's known closable dominant poses to kidney disease.Near large right pleural effusion.Hyperdense lesion in the left kidney, which may represent a complex cyst versus neoplasm, not significantly changed from previous study.  Small amount of ascites.
1. New pulmonary micronodularity, nonspecific and may be postinfectious or postinflammatory in etiology but continued follow-up recommended to exclude development of pulmonary metastatic disease.2. Hepatic metastases, stable to mildly decreased in size. 3. Improved appearance of SMV thrombus. Narrowing of main portal vein, appearance suspected to reflect increased chronicity of thrombus with early collateral vessel formation or cavernous transformation. Metastatic disease not entirely excluded.
Marked elevation of the left hemidiaphragm with left basilar atelectasis and small effusion similar to the prior exam. No evidence of a pneumothorax .
1.	Apart from possible right lower lobe aspiration, unremarkable chest CT
No significant abnormalities. 
1.  Extensive small vessel disease of indeterminate age.2.  Vascular calcifications.3.  No acute abnormality.
Known right femur lesion again visualized. No new or additional osseous metastases.
Infiltrative soft tissue mass at the hepatic hilum encasing hepatic vessels.  Retroperitoneal adenopathy is unchanged.
Improvement of the bilateral pleural effusions and basilar opacities as compared with prior study. 
Successful FNA and core biopsy of the right lower lobe mass.PLAN:  The patient will be observed in the nurse holding area, and a chest radiograph two hours after the procedure well be performed prior to the patient being discharged.
No intracranial flow-limiting stenosis or aneurysm. Please note examination is an MRA and conventional MRI brain sequences were not obtained. No obvious intracranial mass or mass-effect is evident.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
IABP marker is within the aortic arch.
1.	Etiology for the patient's inguinal pain is not evident on the current exam.2.	Subpleural emphysematous changes and left lower lobe emphysematous changes.  While emphysema is the most likely diagnosis, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency should also be considered given the lower lobe emphysema.
Hazy opacities in the lung bases. Normal bowel gas pattern.
1. Overall decrease in size of previously described perirectal fluid collections.2. 2 new fluid collections in the same area, unclear origin, differential includes ovarian cyst, abscess, or peritoneal inclusion cyst. Dedicated pelvic MRI may be helpful to better delineate etiology if clinically warranted.
1.  Large left pleural effusion with nodular and enhancing pleural thickening, compatible with metastatic disease or granulomatous infection.2.  Increased ground glass and mild air space opacity in the posterior right upper lobe and superior right lower lobe suggestive of infection but not specific.
Stable examination.
No drainable fluid collection identified.
1. No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage, edema or mass.2. Unremarkable CTA of the brain. No evidence of aneurysm or vascular malformation.
Normal examination.
Bronchiolitis/reactive airways disease pattern.
Lack of IV contrast limits the detection and evaluation of solid organ pathology.  1.  No significant perinephric fluid collection or evidence of nephrolithiasis.2.  Nonspecific ill-defined hyperdensity in both kidneys. 3.  Small lesion within the right lobe of the liver cannot be fully characterized on this limited examination.  
No substantial interval change in metastatic disease compared to prior.  Measurements given above.
1.	The left parotid gland is inflamed and enlarged with fat stranding and extensive cellulitis interesting the left facial, submental, anterior neck and left chest wall soft tissue but no evidence of ductal dilatation, stones or abscess formation.2.	The left submandibular gland is also enlarged with no evidence of stone, duct dilatation, or abscess formation.3.	There is thickening of the left aryepiglottic fold, can be related to contiguous inflammation. Although a focal innominate this level cannot be please correlate with clinical findings.4.	 The left jugular vein is flattened with no evidence of thrombosis.
Normal examination of the abdomen.
Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age.  No definite acute intracranial abnormality. However, CT is insensitive for the detection of early ischemia, and if clinical concern warrants, further evaluation with MRI should be considered.
Left total knee arthroplasty with minimal valgus angulation
1.  Negative CT of the brain.2.  Unchanged or slightly smaller necrotic mass in the left neck.3.  No new mass or lymphadenopathy.
Normal appearance of the gallbladder without evidence of cholelithiasis or cholecystitis.
1.	Tiny focus of increased density in the right paramedian pons demonstrate minimal interval increase in its size to 4mm on current exam and likely representing small focus of hemorrhage.2.	Stable exam otherwise as detailed.
Right PICC line placed
1.	 Left frontal scalp injury.2.	 No acute intracranial abnormality.3.	 Age indeterminate small vessel ischemic disease.
1.  No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage.2.  Moderately extensive white matter hypoattenuation most likely representing age-indeterminate small vessel ischemic changes.3.  Subcentimeter hypoattenuating foci in the anterior limb of the left internal capsule and in the left globus pallidus consistent with lacunar infarcts of indeterminate age.4.  Note that CT is insensitive for detection of acute nonhemorrhagic stroke.  MRI may be considered if sensitive imaging for acute or subacute stroke is desired.This report was discussed by telephone with Dr. Davis at 2:00 p.m. October 3, 2011.
Stable pulmonary metastases.
Airway hyperreactivity/bronchiolitis pattern.
1. Normal brain MRI.2. Normal brain MRA 
1.	Status post partial hepatectomy.2.	Post-op changes in the liver. Status post percutaneous drainage of right perihepatic subdiaphragmatic fluid collection with minimal residual. Three drains are present with minimal surrounding fluid. 3.	Postoperative changes status post left nephrectomy and adrenalectomy without evidence of tumor recurrence.4.	Right pleural effusion and right lower lobe atelectasis. Trace of ascites.  
No radiopaque foreign object.Findings were personally discussed with the attending surgeon Dr. John Maroney by telephone at 1446 10/24/16.
Interval extubation with increased basilar atelectasis, likely related to aspirated secretion.
Bronchiolitis/reactive airways disease pattern.
1.	No evidence of pulmonary embolus to the segmental level.2.	Interval increase in size of multiple nonspecific right lung nodules and markedly enlarged mediastinal and right hilar lymphadenopathy, which raises the question of metastatic disease.  Suggest continued followup within 3-6 months.3.	Moderate-sized left pleural effusion with underlying atelectasis.4.	Left upper pigtail catheter with tip in the chest wall and outside of the lung.  No pneumothorax.  5.	Severe emphysema with interstitial fibrosis and possibly edema.
1. ET tube tip is in the right mainstem bronchus.2. Streaky right middle lobe opacities likely reflect subsegmental atelectasis on a background of diffuse lung haziness. 
Slight increase in size of reference metastatic lesions. No new lesions seen elsewhere.
"A ""hyperdense"" focus in the left pterygoid region (series 4, image 17) is thought to represent artifact which is often seen in this region and with this appearance. Especially, as there is overlying normal CSF density interposed between this focus and the inner table of the calvarium. Thus, there is no acute intracranial abnormality."
Stable pleural-parenchymal opacities, as above.
Post-surgical findings related to anterior C3-4 fusion with persistent multilevel degenerative spondylosis and thickening of the posterior longitudinal ligament superimposed on a congenitally narrowed spinal canal that results in severe bilateral neural foraminal stenosis at C3-4 through C5-6, as well as slight indentation of the spinal cord at C5-6 by a disc-osteophyte complex.
1. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage. 2. Chronic lacunar infarcts in the anterior limbs of the bilateral internal capsules and a background of small vessel ischemic white matter disease, which appears to have progressed since the previous study. CT is otherwise insensitive for the early detection of acute nonhemorrhagic cerebral infarction.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Slight worsening of a right effusion and right-sided opacities.
Mild osteoarthritis of the left knee
No acute abnormality to explain the patient's pain.  Hepatosplenomegaly.
1. No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage or mass effect. Mild likely chronic small vessel ischemic changes. Please note CT is insensitive for the detection of acute non-hemorrhagic infarcts, and MRI should be considered if there is continued clinical suspicion.2. Grossly unchanged pineal cyst. Brain MRI can be considered for further evaluation.
Metastatic disease with reference measurements as above.  No new lesions are identified.
Postoperative findings with no acute change.
1.Redemonstration of postoperative findings compatible with occipital approach resection of a fourth ventricle region cavernoma. Areas of nodular hyperattenuating or calcified tissue along the cavity margin may represent a combination of residual lesion and postoperative change.2.A small amount of intraventricular blood product is redemonstrated. However, the ventricles are not particularly dilated and have not significantly changed from the prior exam. No new significant intracranial bleeding is suspected.
No evidence of metastatic disease in the thorax or upper abdomen.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
Unchanged support devices. Worsening diffuse pulmonary opacities.Temperature probe device is high within the neck, possibly the hypopharynx. Please check the back of the mouth to make sure this probe is not coiled.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.No change in the appearance of a left frontal lobe AVM.2.No acute intracranial abnormalities.3.Chronic cerebellar atrophy may be related to long-term antiseizure medication.
No acute fractures identified. No evidence of a pneumothorax or hemothorax. Multiple old fracture deformities involving the ribs, right humeral head, and left clavicle.
1.Dislocation of the proximal interphalangeal joint of the index finger with possible volar plate fracture.2.Metallic foreign body in the fifth finger.
COPD. No significant pneumothorax.
Mild interstitial edema and small bilateral pleural effusions without superimposed focal airspace opacity.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
Stable right lower lobe nodule most likely is post inflammatory.  No further follow up examination is recommended.
Healing fractures of the distal left radius and ulna, in anatomic alignment with no evidence of hardware complications.
1.There are multilevel degenerative changes present in the cervical spine associated with moderate degrees of spinal stenosis at C5-6 and C6-7 and multilevel neural foramen encroachment of exiting nerve roots as detailed above.
1.Since the prior examination, the patient has developed opacification of left frontal sinus.2.Since the prior exam the patient is undergone fenestration of the medial walls of the axillary sinuses. Opacification of the maxillary sinuses and left ethmoid air cells has significantly decreased compared to the prior exam.
Findings suspicious for small enterocutaneous fistula extending from the transverse colon to the anterior abdominal wall, though evaluation is limited without intravenous contrast. Findings could be confirmed with retrograde fistulography.
Bilateral maxillary/ethmoid acute on chronic sinus disease as described above.  Occluded bilateral osteomeatal units.
1.	Interval decrease in the density of area of subacute cortical stroke need to be secondary to resorption of extravasated contrast in the region of stroke.  Similar finding in the right supraclinoid internal carotid, and right proximal MCA is also noted.2.	Minimal residual high density in the right MCA stroke and right supraclinoid carotid, right proximal MCA is still present.  Recommend follow-up.3.	No evidence of any new additional findings.
Stable bilateral pulmonary nodules with underlying severe emphysematous changes and no suspicious new lesions to suggest metastatic disease
Healing distal fibular oblique fracture
No evidence of metastatic disease in the chest.
No pneumothorax. Swan-Ganz catheter removed.
1.	No definitive intra-abdominal abscess.2.	Numerous hypoattenuating lesions within the spleen are nonspecific and may represent old granulomatous disease or atypical infection.  Given lack of primary neoplasm, they are unlikely to be metastatic.
Bronchiolitis/hyperreactive airway disease pattern.
Soft tissue swelling of the second proximal phalanx without fracture.
ETT unchanged
Unchanged confluent subpleural interstitial and groundglass abnormality.  The leading considerations remain drug reaction, NSIP and diffuse bronchoalveolar carcinoma.Left upper lobe pulmonary nodule.
Normal examination.
Right internal jugular venous sheath has been removed. No other significant interval change.
Stable exam with unchanged soft tissue density anterior to the bladder likely representing scarring.  No evidence of recurrent disease.
1.	Status post left frontal lobe surgery.  There are associated postoperative changes.  There is no evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage.
Unremarkable nonenhanced head CT.
1.Stable exam.
No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema.Small vessel ischemic disease, not significantly changed.
1.	No acute intracranial injury.2.	Redemonstrated are patchy areas of hypodensity is seen in the periventricular and subcortical white matter are consistent with small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminant age which have progressed since the comparison study from 2006. 
Normal
Multilevel degenerative cervical spondylosis, particularly at C2-3 and C3-4, where posterior disc osteophyte complexes, uncovertebral hypertrophy, and facet hypertrophy appear to result in slight spinal canal narrowing and moderate left C2-3 and bilateral moderate to severe C3-4 neural foraminal narrowing. 
1.Evidence of functional endoscopic sinus surgery is seen.2.Although mild scattered areas of mucosal thickening and/or retained secretions are seen, such findings have largely improved when compared to the preoperative study.
No acute fracture or malalignment.
1. Extensive frontoparietal subgaleal edema/hematoma bilaterally, which is unchanged.  Focal areas of hyperdensity within the left subgaleal hematoma may suggest acute blood products.2. Subtle hyperdensity in a left lateral frontal sulcus is less conspicuous on the current examination, either representing artifact or less likely evolving subarachnoid hemorrhage.3. Chronic left lamina papyracea fracture with chronic deformity of the left medial rectus muscle.
1.Expected postoperative changes from a prior myelomeningocele repair with evidence of sacral spinal dysraphism with spina bifida occulta at L5.2.Low-lying spinal cord terminating at best at the L5-S1 level with imaging findings suggestive of tethering, for which clinical correlation is recommended. No syringohydromyelia identified in the visualized distal cord.3.Prominent circumscribed intradural oval structure which appears to arise from the distal splayed ends of the low-lying cord, with mild internal heterogeneity and minimal discontinuous peripheral enhancement. The differential includes primarily an epidermoid especially provided patient's history of previous surgical repair, arachnoid cyst or other complex cyst, less likely terminal myelocystocele, as the distal cord is otherwise unremarkable without evidence of syringohydromyelia, or neoplasm. Previous pre-surgery imaging would be helpful for comparison, if it can be obtained. Otherwise, the patient may benefit from additional MRI diffusion weighted sequences to exclude an epidermoid.
If there is concern for free air please note that this would be better assessed with dedicated upright or left lateral decubitus radiographic imaging.
No biliary duct dilatation. Markedly nodular and heterogeneous liver, reflecting a combination of treatment-related pseudocirrhosis and metastatic disease. Continued follow-up CT imaging with comparison to prior CT exams to evaluate for interval increase in size of lesions recommended to exclude worsening/active metastatic lesions.Trace pleural effusions and small ascites.
Proximal small bowel obstruction.  Exact transition point is not certain but is likely in the midline lower abdomen.
1.There is redemonstration of cerebral cavernous malformations in the genu of the corpus callosum and midbrain which are stable since 2014.2.Punctate lesions throughout the supratentorial brain and brainstem are nonspecific but could represent small cerebral cavernous malformations.3.Multiple small calvarial lesions are present. These are nonspecific though they could represent hemangiomas. They are more numerous since 2004 but approximately the same since 2014.
Mild gaseous distention of small bowel. No obvious evidence of obstruction.
Congenital coalition of the lunate and triquetrum without specific findings to account for the patient's dorsal wrist pain.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSA - Screening Mammogram.
Radiopaque foreign body at the plantar aspect of the calcaneus unchanged.
Mild increase in small bowel dilatation. Decreased left pleural effusion.  Multiple findings, as described above, not significantly changed. 
No inter or urolithiasis.Gallstones.Borderline to mild adenopathy within the low abdomen/pelvis.
Marked interval decrease in left upper lobe nodule and mediastinal lymphadenopathy.  
Stable exam as above, including T8 severe compression deformity. No evidence of local disease recurrence or metastatic disease. However, please refer to concomitant nuclear medicine bone scan from same day for additional findings.
Basilar atelectasis without specific evidence of infection or failure.
1.	Atypical UIP pattern, possibly due to fibrosing NSIP or collagen vascular disease.  Interval increase in diffuse upper lobe predominant ground glass opacity, suggestive of acute exacerbation of interstitial disease and/or edema.2.	Large heterogeneous thyroid mass, without significant change but incompletely evaluated on this exam.
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.
1.Pelvic lymphadenopathy, decreasing from the prior exam. 2.Mixed sclerotic / lucent osseous lesion in the posterior right ilium, similar to prior. Correlate with nuclear medicine scintigraphy.
1.  Multiple left renal cysts.  No evidence of worrisome neoplasm, renal calculi or obstruction.  2.  Enlarged prostate with mildly trabeculated bladder wall.3.  Abdominal aortic aneurysm.
1.  Unchanged left thyroid lobe and right paratracheal mass.2.  Left supra-clavicular lymph node is no longer visualized.3.  Numerous subcentimeter pulmonary nodules. Correlate with chest CT.  
No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process, including no specific evidence of pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography. 
Dobbhoff catheter tip projects at the level of the proximal gastric body. 
No evidence of deep neck space mass or fluid collection.Encephalomalacia in the left parietal and temporal lobes likely sequela of prior infarction.  Similar changes suggesting prior infarction, only partially seen, in the right parietal/occipital cortex.  Degenerative changes of the cervical spine causing spinal canal stenosis and neural foraminal narrowing.  Dedicated cervical spine imaging is recommended if clinically indicated.Mucosal thickening in the ethmoid air cells and near complete opacification of the left maxillary sinus with surrounding bony sclerosis suggesting chronic sinusitis.  Slight expansion at the ostium of the left maxillary sinus.  Obstructing/expansile lesion, such as polyp, cannot be excluded. 
1. Bilateral cerebral and brainstem infarcts likely subacute infarcts with a suggestion of a watershed distribution. The left hemispheric infarcts are probably older. No hemorrhagic transformation. MRI may be useful for more accurate dating of the infarcts, if necessary: Allen LM1, Hasso AN, Handwerker J, Farid H. Sequence-specific MR imaging findings that are useful in dating ischemic stroke. Radiographics. 2012 Sep-Oct;32(5):1285-97; discussion 1297-9. 2. The previously demonstrated temporal bone anomalies are not well-depicted since the scan parameters are not dedicated for the evaluation of these structures.
1. Nonspecific left thyroid lesion.  Recommend correlation with thyroid ultrasound and/or FNA for further evaluation as indicated.2. No pathologic lymphadenopathy by CT criteria.    
Transitional lumbosacral morphology and perhaps mild osteoarthritis of the hips, but no fracture, dislocation, or other findings to account for patient's symptoms.
Allowing for patient rotation, the catheter tip projects over the region of the superior cavoatrial junction.
Postoperative change status post C3 laminectomy and spinal fusion from C2 through C5 with improvement in anterolisthesis of C3 relative to C4.  No surgical or hardware complications are seen.  The remainder of the examination is stable.
Very small left apical pneumothorax, with basilar atelectasis.
Left lower lobe round pneumonia.
Left retrocardiac opacity may represent pneumonia. 
No unexpected radiopaque foreign object.Findings were discussed via telephone with the attending surgeon, Dr. Hussain, at 4:37 PM on 09/15/2016.
1. Pulmonary lymphangitic spread of metastases appears worsened.  New pleural effusions are small.2.  Mediastinal and hilar lymphadenopathy.3.  Skeletal metastases.4.  Hepatic and splenic metastases.
1.	Stable low-attenuation right sided subdural in the right posterior temporal/occipital junction and extending superiorly to right posterior frontoparietal region.2.	Stable small left pterional acute subdural.3.	Stable moderate to advanced age indeterminate small vessel ischemic stroke noted.
Interval improvement in bibasilar lung aeration.
1.	Debris or soft tissue within the urinary bladder, warrants further investigation.2.	Thickening of the stomach wall which may be due to underdistention.3.	No obstructing lesion within the colon; CT does not evaluate the colonic mucosa for polyps.
New patchy bilateral lower lung zone predominant airspace opacities which may be due to infection or aspiration.
Slight improvement in pulmonary opacities which remain moderate to severe.
Normal examination.
1.	Bilateral hydronephrosis left greater than right with delayed left nephrogram and retroperitoneal mass encasing the left ureter.  This is compatible with left ureteral on obstruction. 2.	Retroperitoneal soft tissue mass encasing the left ureter, bilateral common iliac arteries, and extending to left psoas muscle. 3.	Multiple mesenteric, retroperitoneal, pelvic, inguinal enlarged lymph nodes. 4.	Bone lesions in L3 left transverse process and left iliac wing compatible with metastasis. 5.	Cervical mass with hypoattenuating center with internal gas bubbles that cannot be separated from rectum associated with dilated fluid filled endometrial cavity, this can be compatible with necrotic cervical mass, But abscess cannot be excluded.   6.	Posterior mediastinal lymphadenopathy.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
CT is not sensitive for early nonhemorrhagic stroke.1.	No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage, mass-effect, or edema.2.	Opacification of the right mastoid air cells is similar to prior, which may represent mastoiditis.3. Tortuous basilar artery.
No masses or other significant abnormality, as above.
1.There is extensive erosion present along the maxillary alveolar ridge with exposure of the patient's molar and incisor roots. There is minor bone fragmentation along the left alveolar ridge at the tooth socket of one of the molars.2.Findings are compatible with a left-sided silent sinus syndrome of the left maxillary sinus.
No abnormal radiographic findings to explain patient's symptoms.
1.	Stable enhanced CT of soft tissues of neck since prior study.2.	Stable postoperative changes of total thyroidectomy without recurrence of enhancing tissue at the surgical site.3.	Stable and likely partially calcific right paratracheal lymph node measuring 22 x 12.4-mm coronal reformatted image 49 since prior exam.4.	Previously noted small 7-mm focus of enhancement in the right midbrain is not identified with certainty on this exam.  This may indicate interval improvement however dedicated brain imaging is recommended for more precise assessment.
No findings to account for the patient's pain.
1.No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or mass effect.2.Marked age-indeterminate periventricular and subcortical hypoattenuation which also involves the left caudate. Note that CT is insensitive for the detection of acute ischemia and that MRI is a more sensitive modality.
1. No shadowing renal calculi identified.2. Increased hepatic echogenicity consistent with hepatic steatosis/hepatic parenchymal dysfunction.
1.  Interval resolution of periappendiceal abscess with atrophic appearing appendix.2.  No interval change in large heterogeneous uterine mass likely representing a degenerated leiomyoma, although CT cannot characterize uterine masses and differentiate them from rarer malignant lesions such as leiomyosarcoma.
1. Fracture of the surgical neck of left humerus.2. Minimally displaced fracture of the olecranon process of the left ulna.
Severe osteoarthritis of the thumb.
Normal head CT.
Right-sided air-fluid collection projected posteriorly with a pigtail catheter.
Large cystic, solid and hemorrhagic tumor in the left posterior parietal with extensive surrounding edema, mass effect and midline shift to the right of approximately 4 mm.  No prior exams.  Recommend follow-up with an MRI exam.  A
1.	Subcapsular fluid collection likely represents a subcapsular hematoma due to prior trauma;
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSA - Screening Mammogram.
1.  Stable postoperative changes in the neck with no evidence of residual tumor or pathologic lymphadenopathy2.  Please refer to report from dedicated chest CT performed on the same date for pulmonary findings
New moderate volume generalized ascites without solid carcinomatosis visualized.  This is suspicious for recurrent disease.  Discussed with Dr. Polite.
No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage, mass effect or edema. CT is insensitive for the early detection of acute nonhemorrhagic cerebral infarction.
Stable CT with no evidence of measurable disease.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
No evidence of metastatic disease.
1. Atrophic native kidneys.2. No hydronephrosis of the transplant kidney.
Right upper extremity PICC tip in right atrium.
Normal examination.
These findings were discussed by telephone with Dr. Babrowski, the attending surgeon, on 11/8/2016 at 1:30 PM.
1.  No PE.2.  Bilateral small effusions with overlying atelectasis and pulmonary edema consistent with CHF.3.  Enlarged pulmonary artery compatible pulmonary arterial hypertension.4.  Enlarged mid ascending aorta measuring approximately 4.2cm.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.Please note the enumeration vertebral bodies. S1 is a transitional vertebra.2.There is redemonstration of a malignant compression fracture at L1 which is stable compared to the prior exam.3.Status post left nephrectomy.4.There are multilevel degenerative changes present in the lumbar spine which are worse at L5-S1 where there is encroachment of the nerve roots of the left neural foramen and the left lateral recess.5.A retroperitoneal nodule suspected represent a benign adrenal gland nodule is not well imaged on this exam. There is a CT of the abdomen from 10/9/2015 which showed assesses this further. Please refer to that report for further comments.
Perineal inflammation with rim enhancing lesions compatible with abscesses and the larger of which appears to have formed a fistulous tract.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
No radiopaque foreign object is identified.
Interval left chest tube placement which terminates medially at the base. The known left anterior and subpulmonic pneumothorax is not readily measurable in this patient position but probably slightly improved.
Orthopedic fixation of a fracture through the proximal phalanx of the right fifth digit.
Bilateral pulmonary opacities suspicious for pneumonia. Follow-up to complete radiographic resolution serial plain films recommended.
Small left pleural effusion with no specific evidence of pneumonia.
1.Acute/subacute infarctions are present in the right and left cerebellar hemisphere as described above. There is mild mass effect but no hemorrhagic conversion. MRI may help identify additional more subtle foci of infarction if clinically useful.2.50% stenosis at the origin of the left internal carotid artery. This is stable.3.Tandem 70% and 60%stenoses at the origin and proximal RVA with 50% tandem intracranial RVA stenoses. This is stable.4.Distal atherosclerotic changes are present especially along the left pericallosal artery with foci of narrowing which are stable since the prior exam. 5.There is encephalomalacia present along the left middle cerebral artery territory involving left temporal lobe and the left parietal lobe as well as a watershed territory between the left to middle and posterior cerebral arteries.6.Punctate lesions in the brain stem, thalami and basal ganglia are suspected to represent lacunar infarcts and are stable since the prior exam.7.Periventricular and subcortical white matter hypodensities of a moderate degree are present. At this age these are most likely vascular related.
No specific evidence of infection.
1. Interval increase in the pleural metastases with enlarging moderate right pleural effusion.2. New and increasing mediastinal adenopathy with enlarging right breast mass.3. Stable osseous metastatic disease. Please refer to separate report for the same-day nuclear medicine bone scintigraphy examination for further characterization.
Osteomyelitis of the distal phalanx of the thumb. Although there is no discrete fluid collection, surrounding phlegmonous change tracks into the thenar eminence.
Persistent multifocal opacities on a background of diffuse lung haziness with pattern of PIE.
Well-circumscribed benign-appearing right upper lobe nodule containing internal attenuation is suggestive of but not pathognomonic for a hamartoma. CT follow up in 9 months suggested (August, 2014).
1. Interval development of left lower lobe and right middle lobe mass-like opacities, infection is favored over neoplasm.  Recommend follow-up CT in 6 weeks after appropriate medical management to assess for resolution/exclude neoplastic process.2.  Multiple solid pulmonary nodules in the transplanted right lung, new since the prior exam of 2009.  Differential diagnosis includes PTLD or metastases.  Well circumscribed appearance is atypical for infection.3. Mosaic attenuation of the right lung parenchyma may reflect small airways disease due to bronchiolitis/rejection but does not appear to be be acute.  4. Aneurysmal dilatation of the left atrium has progressed suggest correlation with dedicated cardiac imaging.5. Indeterminate contour abnormalities of the kidneys incompletely assessed.  
1.	 No definite evidence of acute territorial ischemia or other acute abnormalities.2.	 Age indeterminate lacune in the right basal ganglia.
Degenerative disc disease, facet joint osteoarthritis and neuroforaminal narrowing as described above.
Osteoarthritis of the right knee and varus deformity as described above.
Normal examination.
1.No evidence of cholelithiasis or cholecystitis.2.Unchanged atrophic kidneys bilaterally.
Scattered lytic osseous lesions, compatible with metastatic disease.Punctate left lower lobe micronodule, nonspecific.Hypodensity adjacent to the gallbladder fossa, cannot be definitively characterized on this study, but could represent focal fatty sparing.  MRI would provide confirmation.
Small vessel disease and old right cerebellar stroke.  No hemorrhage midline shift or hydrocephalus.
1.No specific evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.2.Groundglass nodule in the right lower lobe most likely represents atypical adenomatous hyperplasia.
Please note that there is transitional anatomy of the spine, as detailed above, with 6 lumbar type vertebrae. 1. Bone marrow signal changes throughout the spine, in particular the lumbar spine, compatible with widespread osseous metastases. No pathologic compression fracture. No gross epidural tumor extension within the limits of a noncontrast examination. No high-grade spinal canal stenosis or cord signal abnormality.2. Numerous enlarged retroperitoneal and pelvic lymph nodes, better characterized on prior CT.3. Multilevel degenerative changes, as described above.
Osteoarthritis of both knees.
Fluid filled loops of bowel without definite evidence of obstruction.
Apparent postoperative findings related to endoscopic sinus surgery with opacification of a posterior left ethmoid air cell. The other paranasal sinuses and nasal cavity are clear.
Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age with no acute findings.
No evidence of recurrent tumor in the head and neck.  
Postsurgical changes from left lower lobectomy. Moderate left and large right pleural effusions with small amount of air in the left pleural space.  Interval increase in size of mediastinal and left posterior intercostal adenopathy suspicious for metastasis.  Multiple new ill-defined nodular opacities in the upper lobes may be secondary to infection or metastases.  Thickening of interlobular septations in the left upper lobe may be secondary to postoperative lymphatic obstruction or lymphangitic spread of tumor.
Small metallic wire-like foreign body in a right lower lobe subsegmental branch of the pulmonary artery.  This may represent a fragment of an IVC filter that was placed previously.   
Continued mild hazy lung opacities. Dilated bowel most likely due to bag mask ventilation.
Interval removal of right pleural drain with no change in right effusion and basilar opacity.
Interval intubation with endotracheal tube tip located approximately 4 cm above the carina. Slightly improved patchy airspace opacities.
Compared to 8/15/2016, there is interval decrease in size of chronic appearing subdural hematomas along the bilateral cerebral convexities, left relatively larger than right, with improvement in associated mass effect. There remains local mass effect on the left frontoparietal sulci.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Nonspecific basilar opacities possibly aspirated secretions, otherwise unremarkable.
No focal pulmonary opacity is visualized. Bronchiolitis or reactive airway disease pattern is present.
1. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage, mass effect or edema. No skull fracture.2. No acute fracture or subluxation in the cervical spine.
CT-guided core needle biopsy and radiofrequency ablation of presumed osteoid osteoma within the right femur.
Unchanged loculated left pleural effusion with a left chest tube. Extensive upper abdominal bowel dilatation.
1.  2-mm micronodule in the right upper lobe.  If the patient has no smoking history and is at low risk for malignancy, then no further follow-up is needed.  If the patient has a smoking history or otherwise is at high risk for malignancy, 12-month CT follow-up is recommended, though statistically the lesion is more likely to be benign than malignant.2. Debris in the trachea, but no signs of aspiration bronchiolitis or pneumonia.3.  Signs of old, healed granulomatous disease in the chest and upper abdomen.
No conclusive signs of pulmonary metastases.  Cluster of left upper lobe pulmonary nodules with associated left hilar calcifications are unchanged, favoring benign, healed granulomatous infection over sarcoma metastases. Punctate 1 to 2-mm calcification posterior to the left atrium could represent artifact; conservative imaging follow-up in 3 to 6 months with CT is recommended to exclude growth.
Stable pulmonary edema.
ETT tip 3 cm above the carina.
Right pleural and parenchymal scarring and/or a small right pleural effusion.
1.  Stable intrathoracic disease.2.  Stable hepatic ,left adrenal, and osseous metastases
No acute fracture or malalignment.
Postoperative changes involving right iliac fossa transplant kidney, with nephroureteral tube in place.Results were discussed with Dr. T. O'Hagan by the radiology resident on-call at the time of interpretation. 
1. Interval occlusion of the left TIPS and unchanged occlusion of the right TIPS.2. Patent main portal vein.3. No ascites.
Ill-defined hypodensity within the left insula and left basal ganglia.  Given the patient's clinical symptoms these findings may represent acute infarct.  An MRI could be obtained for confirmation as clinically indicated.Critical Findings discussed with ER physician at 1:30 pm on August 21, 2013.
Equivocal narrowing of the proximal celiac artery, but no appreciable change on dynamic study.
1. Orthopedic fixation of a pathologic fracture of the left distal femur appearing similar to the prior exam.2. Metastatic disease of the right femur that appears progressed from the prior exam.
1.  No specific CT findings to explain the reported symptoms.2.  Hypoattenuating thyroid nodules and cystic renal lesions without appreciable interval change 3.  Enlarged, heterogeneous prostate -- correlate clinically.4.  Heterogeneously enhancing liver lesions -- likely hemangiomas.This report was discussed by telephone with Dr. Smith at 4:27 PM April 15, 2010.
1.	Overall stable appearance of bilateral upper lobe abnormalities, greater on the left, including cavitation, bronchiectasis, nodular opacities, and atelectasis.  Again the differential includes an indolent infectious process such as chronic necrotizing aspergillosis or atypical mycobacterial infection.  Stability makes neoplasm less likely, though given the patient's age and significant emphysema, continued follow up is recommended.2.	Background of severe emphysema, not significantly changed.3.	Slight interval increase in mildly enlarged precarinal lymph node, likely reactive in etiology.4.	Subcentimeter hyperattenuating focus in the right lobe of the liver is incompletely evaluated, although may represent a flash filling hemangioma.
1.	Suboptimal exam due to motion artifact which could obscure subtle findings.2.	No convincing evidence of intracranial abnormality within this limitation.3.	Bony defect measuring approximately 13 mm in transverse axis of the floor of left orbit and with mild expansion of retro-orbital fat inferiorly through the defect.  Finding is believed to represent a chronic blowout fracture of floor of the orbit.
Healing distal fibular fracture as above.
Pancreatic head/uncinate process mass, associated with numerous bilobar hepatic metastatic lesions as well as occlusion of main portal vein with collateral reconstitution.  Also associated with abnormal tumor soft tissue infiltration surrounding proximal SMA and portacaval regions.
No free air.
1. Arterial-enhancing scattered foci which persist on delayed imaging most consistent with transient hepatic attenuation differences (THADs). 2. Low-attenuation foci in the pancreatic tail most consistent with side-branch IPMNs. Stability may be assessed on subsequent follow-up imaging. 3. Cholelithiasis without evidence of cholecystitis. 
Effusions and atelectasis, without acute change.
1.Right perihilar mass with obstruction of right lower lobe bronchus and collapse of the right lower lobe. Improved aeration of the right middle lobe. Focal nodular opacities in the right upper and middle lobes not significantly changed. 2.Increased sclerotic metastatic foci through the osseous structures compatible with treated metastases. 3.New greater than 50% compression deformity of the T8 vertebral body. 4.Mixed response of hepatic metastases. 5.Chronic thrombus in the right main pulmonary artery has propagated more centrally when compared to the prior exam.Findings discussed with Livia Szeto RN at 1615 on 10/09/15. 
1) New large left hilar mass with adjacent soft tissue nodules and pleural metastases, most consistent with malignancy. 2) No evidence of acute PE.  3) Findings compatible with neurofibromatosis as above.  Further evaluation of paraspinal soft tissue lesions may be performed with MRI of the spine if clinically indicated.4) Centrilobular emphysema.
. Placement of a left-sided ICD without complication.
1.	Interval post surgical change with post right antrostomy and right maxillary mass resection.  2.	Increase right hemifacial muscle thickening with minimal progression of osteosclerotic changes likely secondary to inflammatory changes of the right hemifacial osteo-structures as described above.3.	A small left temporal arachnoid cyst is seen.
1. No convincing evidence of metastatic disease.2. Right lower lobe subpleural opacity is most consistent with an evolving pulmonary infarct. There is persistent chronic embolus which is partially calcified in the right lower lobe posterior segmental artery.3. Left costophrenic angle subpleural nodular opacity is stable and remains most consistent with a benign lesion.4. No lymphadenopathy by size criteria.
1.Clustered loops of small bowel within the pelvis, which were found to be mobile during compression, and felt unlikely to represent an internal hernia.2.Three hour small bowel transit time to the colon.
Stable disease.
Improvement in patchy left basilar opacity which may represent aspiration and/or atelectasis. Small left pleural effusion again noted.
Stable left breast postsurgical changes. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
No specific findings to account for the patient's symptoms.
No specific findings to explain bandemia.  Right adrenal nodule unchanged.  Diverticulosis no evidence of diverticulitis renal hypodensities nonspecific or likely cysts.
Gangrene of both hands and extensive arterial calcification as described above.
1.Tear of the posterior horn and body of the medial meniscus as detailed above.2.Full-thickness focal articular cartilage defect in the midline trochlear groove with underlying marrow edema and cystic change.3.Other degenerative changes as detailed above.4.Moderate size Baker's cyst.
Mild bronchial wall thickening and atelectasis suggesting bronchitis, but no specific signs of pneumonia. If the patient remains symptomatic, follow-up chest radiographs may be obtained in 7-10 days.
Vague nodular densities in both lungs which may be inflammatory when compared to prior exam.  Remainder of the small nodules are stable.  Appearance the abdomen and pelvis is stable.
Improvement in upper lobe opacities but persistent basilar consolidation with pleural effusions. No new findings.
1.  Interval enlargement of left subclavian lymph node mass.2.  Interval decrease in size of mediastinal lymph node masses and decrease in size of left hilar lymph node mass with decreased mass effect upon left upper lobe bronchus and left upper lobe pulmonary artery.3.  Apparent increase in size of liver lesion of uncertain etiology; metastasis cannot be ruled out.
1.	Scattered, nonspecific subpleural groundglass and sub-solid micronodules, possibly representing a  a viral infection or may be secondary to this patient's underlying lymphoproliferative disorder.2.	Subpleural and interlobular septal thickening, more prominent in the bases, probably chronic in origin.
1. No acute intracranial abnormalities.2. Extensive white matter abnormality and mild parenchymal atrophy is unchanged and may be related to the patient's diagnosis of HIV.
Redemonstrated is an approximately 28 x 29 mm transaxial dimension solid and cystic mass involving the left parietal lobe.
Degenerative disc disease and other findings as described above. I see no acute abnormality.
An ovoid left level IIa lymph node is present and 2 ovoid right level IIa lymph nodes are noted. Two of these fail to demonstrate a fatty hila, however none are pathologically enlarged, and none demonstrate peri-nodal stranding. There are no other findings to suggest clinically significant lymphadenopathy.
Limited evaluation.  No significant hematomas around the vasculature.  There is high density in the presacral space that could represent retroperitoneal hemorrhage - correlate.  This was communicated to the surgical service by the radiology resident on call (Dr. Lingyun Xiong) at the time of examination and again by myself to Dr. Samuel Kim pager 1335 at 11:55am.
1.	No evidence of acute intracranial finding and in particular no areas of hemorrhagic conversion of right hemispheric stroke since prior exam.2.	Extensive small vessel ischemic strokes of indeterminate age.3.	Cortical stroke in the right anterior temporal tip and the operculum of right frontal lobe.
Decrease in size of left apical pneumothorax.
1.There was retention of a small amount of contrast within the esophagus.2.Reflux was demonstrated to the level of thoracic inlet.3.Postoperative changes of Heller myotomy and anterior fundoplication.
Unchanged support devices. Slowly worsening left apical opacity, over the last two years, for which a CT is recommended when the patient is no longer acutely ill. Differential diagnosis includes indolent TB or tumor. 
No acute intracranial abnormality.
1. Left chest and abdominal wall mass.2. No discrete evidence of disease in abdomen or pelvis.
1.	Sclerotic osseous metastatic disease.2.	Slight decrease in the size of the right hepatic lesion.
Suspected CHF without interval new superimposed focal abnormality
Normal examination.
Avascular necrosis of the right femoral head appearing similar to the prior study.
Minimally complex subcentimeter cyst in the lower pole of the right kidney.
Stable postsurgical changes of the right breast. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, right unilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage, mass, or acute infarct.
1.	New right level 4 conglomerate adenopathy as described above.2.	Marked vascular calcification of the carotid arteries.
Two left double-J stents. These appear grossly similar to prior CT scan from 2012 accounting for differences in technique. 
Enteric tube in a proximal position. Subsequent radiograph demonstrates that the enteric tube has been advanced into an appropriate position.
Improved pulmonary opacities. No pneumothorax.
Trace amount of ascites and subtle omental nodularity in the left upper quadrant. Follow-up is recommended to exclude peritoneal involvement of mesothelioma.
Tiny ossicle along the inferior margin of the glenoid may represent a loose body within the joint. Other findings as described above.
Focal opacity in the left midlung.
No unexpected radiopaque foreign object.Findings were discussed with Dr. Witkowski, the attending surgeon, by Dr. Dashevsky at 22:45 on 10/27/2016.
No change in 10 mm right upper lobe lesion which is favored to represent nodular scarring. Continued follow-up is recommended to exclude growth. Typically solid nodules are followed to two years before they are considered benign by imaging criteria.
Grossly stable reference measurements on the right.
Moderate right pleural effusion is not significantly changed. No evidence of pulmonary edema.
No evidence of complication from PICC placement.
No focal pulmonary opacities.
1.Common bile duct and pancreatic ductal dilatation without a visible obstructing mass. Consider correlation with endoscopy.2.Multiple pancreatic head calcifications compatible with likely chronic pancreatitis.
Oral deficits as above. No evidence of penetration or aspiration.Please see the speech and language therapist's report for feeding recommendations.
No significant abnormality.
1.Aorta and iliac calcifications as above.2.Hypodensity in the left kidney is incompletely characterized but new from the prior exam. Consider renal ultrasound for further evaluation if clinically indicated.3.Diffuse osseous sclerosis with increased endplate degenerative changes and resorption, likely related to end-stage renal disease.
1.Cystic lesion in the dome of the liver with thick peripheral enhancement has grown compared to as far back as 2011. 2.Stable biliary and pancreatic ductal dilatation. 3.Heterogeneous enhancement of the liver. 
Interval resolution of the previously described groundglass opacity.  New bronchiolitis (tree-in-bud) pattern at the left lung base.  This may be secondary to aspiration and/or infection.
Right frontal vasogenic edema with extension into genu of corpus callosum.  
Unifocal left breast cancer with measurements provided above.BIRADS: 6 - Known cancer.RECOMMENDATION: T - Take Appropriate Action - No Letter.
No acute CT findings to explain patient's abdominal pain.
No significant interval change.  Index measurement lesions of stomach and lymph nodes given above.
Right humerus fracture through the surgical neck.
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern. No evidence of free intraperitoneal air.
Successful left hip arthrogram injection.
1. Above-described suprarenal abdominal aortic abnormality consistent with aortic dissection and suspicious for acute or subacute intramural hematoma.  Degree of thrombosis of the lumen cannot be assessed.  Renal perfusion cannot be assessed on an unenhanced study though it appears that the right kidney is atrophic which would be consistent with low or absent perfusion.  Findings discussed with Malini Soundarrajan at the time of dictation (1:20 p.m. on 9/24/13.2.  Right apical mass with maximal measurement of 5.1-cm in cranial caudal dimension.  The mass is approximately 4-cm above the level of the carina.3.  Bilateral pleural fluid collections.4.  Hepatic metastases and ascites.5.  Due to motion and lack of IV contrast, assessment for nodal metastasis is difficult.  Upper abdominal retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy cannot be excluded.6.  Unable to exclude left adrenal gland metastasis.
No change in pulmonary findings.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSA - Screening Mammogram.
No evidence of acute hemorrhage.  Chronic ischemic changes in the right occipital lobe as described above.
Small amount of increased signal intensity within the right gluteus maximus muscle indicating mild muscle inflammation.
1.	Mild interval increase in interstitial and interlobular septal thickening, most pronounced in the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe, compatible with mild increasing interstitial pulmonary edema.2. Severe centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema.3. No specific evidence of acute infection
Lumbar fusion with no evidence of hardware complication.
1.  Interval slight decrease of bilateral adenopathy.2.  Subtle soft tissue asymmetry at left tongue base may be secondary to sampling, however, correlation with clinical examination is recommended to exclude a small lesion.
No pneumothorax status post thoracentesis. Resolving edema with atelectasis and effusions.
No specific evidence of infection.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually, due next in March 2017. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
Extensive residual chronic sinus disease as detailed above.  Very minimal interval change as described above.
ET tube tip lies above carina. Right middle and lower, and left lower lobe opacities, likely atelectasis.
1. Circumferential calcification of the gallbladder wall with thickening consistent with porcelain gallbladder without other findings to indicate acute cholecystitis.2. No specific findings to account for patient's abdominal pain.3. Other findings as described above.
1. The left ventricle is normal in size with normal systolic function. The overall LV ejection fraction is 61%. There are no regional wall motion abnormalities present. There is no late gadolinium enhancement to suggest the presence of an underlying fibrosing, infiltrative, or inflammatory process.2. The right ventricle is normal in size and systolic function. The overall RV ejection fraction is 55%. There are no MRI criteria for ARVD.
1.Findings compatible with age indeterminate microvascular ischemic disease.2.No acute intracranial abnormality.
1.	Acute right cerebellar nonhemorrhagic stroke in the distribution of the superior cerebellar artery.2.	Evidence of supratentorial small vessel disease.
Nonspecific bibasilar opacities with new small bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  Resolved left pleural effusion and bilateral lower lobe atelectasis.2.  The right lower lobe micronodule was not found.3.  Stable lesions in the liver, pancreas, and bones suspicious for metastases.4.  Decreased soft tissue nodularity along the peritoneum compatible with resolving peritoneal carcinomatosis.5.  Decreased ascites and resolution of the large multiloculated abscess predominantly in the right hemiabdomen.6.  No new lesions. 
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
No evidence of fracture or malalignment.
1.	No evidence of acute sinusitis.2.	Mild mucosal thickening of bilateral maxillary sinuses, occluded right ostiomeatal unit and compromised left similar to prior study.
No pneumothorax.
Support devices unchanged with ET tube tip 4 cm above the carina. Extensive pulmonary opacities unchanged.
1. Very minimal increase in size of the pulmonary and pleural based metastatic masses.  No new lung lesions detected.2. Stable size of mediastinal and retroperitoneal adenopathy. 3.  Indeterminant renal lesion that has grown since 2009 worrisome for metastatic disease.  Although primary neoplastic process can be similar, correlate.4. Unchanged compression deformity of T8 vertebral body.  No new metastatic lesions detected.
1. Marked abdominal and pelvic ascites.  2. Colonic wall edema compatible C. difficile colitis.  No evidence of free air.  3. Collapse of the right lower lobe and mixed ground-glass and nodular infiltrate at the left lung base superimposed on sequela of cystic fibrosis
Misplaced ET tube.Multifocal subsegmental atelectasis.
1.	No evidence of anastomotic leak or abscess.2.	Large pleural effusions, right greater than left, with associated consolidation/atelectasis.3.	Postoperative changes status post Whipple procedure and right hemicolectomy.4.	Moderate ascites.5.	Moderate pneumoperitoneum is likely related to recent surgery.6.	Right gluteal soft tissue seroma/hematoma.  
Nondiagnostic examination related to epidural injection of contrast although information was able to be acquired from the exam.  There is mild central stenosis at the L2-3 with moderate to severe central stenosis at the L3-4 and L4-5 (especially .  Findings are secondary to shallow disk bulging and ligamentum flavum thickening in the context of a congenitally small central canal (related to short pedicles).If further intervention is contemplated, repeat exam advised.Dr. Padmanaban was notified at 5:45pm on June 21, 2013.
1.  Status post placement of external frame for surgical planning.2.  No evidence of acute intracranial abnormality.
Healing acetabular fracture with changes correlating with a possible postsurgical girdle stone procedure
Interval worsening in right sided pneumothorax.
Suspected aspiration without suspicious intra-pulmonary however mildly more prominent scattered lymph nodes, possibly warranting short-term follow-up evaluation in the appropriate clinical setting. Please see reference measurements now provided and correlate with pending neck CT
1. Proximal small bowel obstruction with markedly dilated jejunal bowel loops. A transition point is seen in the left lower quadrant, where there is a 14 cm segment of edematous, hyperenhancing small bowel, consistent with active inflammatory bowel disease.2. Small amount of free pelvic fluid.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Question of focal opacity at the left lung base which could represent a small focus of aspiration or early infection. Mild cardiomegaly.
1.  Sinonasal polyposis with the largest polyps located in the left nasal cavity.2. Note is made of a left Aggar nasi cell, pneumatization of the left anterior clinoid process, and pneumatization of the left lesser wing of the spenoid.     
Stable exam without acute or metastatic process.
1.	Large left inguinal soft tissue mass with adjacent reactive lymphadenopathy.  No additional sites of disease are identified in the chest, abdomen or pelvis.2.	Near complete compression fracture of the L1 vertebral body, progressed since 2011.
Right upper extremity PICC tip in the right atrium.
Stable large right temporal -- frontal and basal ganglial subacute nonhemorrhagic stroke.  No evidence of hemorrhagic conversion.
No acute abnormalities. 
Negative unenhanced brain CT.
1.	The examination is stable.  There is redemonstration of a left frontal subgaleal hematoma and left orbital fractures which are stable when compared to the prior exam.  Some blood products are present within the left maxillary sinus and have accumulated2.	Chiari one malformation
Bilateral basal predominant linear interstitial abnormality with mild traction bronchiectasis and minimal architectural distortion. No evidence of significant nodularity, pleural effusion, ground glass opacity, or honeycombing. The findings may be seen with UIP but could also be the sequelae of chronic aspirate or remote infection. 
1.There are degenerative changes present in the lumbar spine without significant compromise to lumbar spinal canal or neural foramina.
No unexpected radiopaque foreign body.These findings were discussed by telephone with Dr. Lee, the attending surgeon, on 5/9/2015 at 0109 hours.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.  Unchanged positioning of left frontal ventriculostomy catheter with tip traversing the frontal horn and extending slightly into the subependymal region at the left thalamus.2.  Unchanged parenchymal and intraventricular hemorrhage.3.  Unchanged ventriculomegaly.4.  There remains cerebral edema and mass effect, with slight midline shift, effacement of the basal cisterns, and cerebellar tonsillar herniation.  The findings appear stable with possibly minimal improvement of cerebellar tonsillar herniation.
Large lung volumes suggestive of COPD/emphysema, but no signs of pneumonia.
No acute change in cardiopulmonary appearance, with edema-like opacities, atelectasis and pleural fluid..
Query new hazy opacities throughout the lungs without focal lung consolidation which could represent mild edema, atypical infection, or inflammatory lung disease. 
1.	No detectable acute new finding since prior study.2.	Interval decrease in the size of subdural with minute residual.3.	Expected postoperative images of the left craniotomy.4.	Metallic BB in the right soft tissues of cheek is again noted.
1.	Infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysm measuring 4.5-cm in AP diameter, unchanged from recent prior study.  2.	Celiac and superior mesenteric artery stents are patent.
Mild osteoarthritis of the knee.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1.  Negative brain CT without evidence of abnormal enhancement to suggest brain metastases.2.  Multifocal sinus disease which may represent acute on chronic sinusitis in the appropriate clinical setting.
No significant pneumothorax. Bibasilar pleural-parenchymal opacities, unchanged.
Mild volume loss; otherwise, normal brain CT.
Umbilical lines positioning as described.Bilateral diffuse lung haziness with no focal opacities.Paucity of abdominal gas.
Dobbhoff tube tip in distribution of antropyloric area.
1.	Vascular anatomy as described above.2.	Small right pleural effusion.  Left lower lobe atelectasis/consolidation.3.	Cholelithiasis without evidence of cholecystitis.
Postsurgical changes status post left lower lobectomy, with stable left pleural thickening. No suspicious pulmonary nodules, masses or lymphadenopathy.
Nondisplaced transcondylar fracture of the distal humerus. Small joint effusion.
Fine segmental distributed right breast microcalcifications are not seen on ultrasound. Serum beta hCG pregnancy test has been ordered. The patient will scheduled for stereotactic biopsy as soon as results are received. Findings and recommendations were discussed with the patient at the time of the exam.Bi-Rads below reflects this exam only. Please note that biopsy continues to be recommended based on the mammogram finding. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: T - Take Appropriate Action - No Letter. 
No significant abnormality. No specific evidence of infection or edema.
Right upper lobe consolidation with associated volume loss, most consistent with complete atelectasis of the right upper lobe.
Bands of subcortical T2 hyperintensity in the left superior frontal gyrus may indicate underlying malformation of cortical development.
Right healing/healed fractures as outlined above. No left rib fractures are visualized.
Soft tissue swelling without specific radiographic evidence of osteomyelitis. 
NG tube tip in proximal body of stomach.
Normal CTA of the brain and neck.
No evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.
1.Continued stable postoperative changes from previous thyroidectomy without evidence of local regional tumor recurrence or significant cervical lymphadenopathy.2.Stable to very minimally increased size of visualized upper mediastinal lymphadenopathy, with more conspicuous change compared back to 8/23/2013 exam. Please refer to separately dictated CT chest report of the same day for further details.3.No CT evidence of intracranial metastatic disease.
1.  Interval decrease in the size of the left lower lobe mass with persistent mediastinal involvement and extensive mediastinal lymphadenopathy.2.  Other nodules in the right lung as detailed above.3.  Reference intra-abdominal lymph nodes have decreased in size since prior study.
Right apical mass suspicious for neoplasm, for which CT chest with contrast is recommended.Findings discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Miedema at 11:07AM at 1/21/15 by telephone.
1. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or skull fracture.2. Patchy cerebral white matter hypoattenuation, particularly in the parietal lobes, is nonspecific and may represent methotrexate encephalopathy, posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome, hepatic encephalopathy, or small vessel ischemic disease. MRI of the brain may be useful for further evaluation if there are no contraindications. 
1.	Diffuse (left greater than right) mucosal thickening of the maxillary sinuses and with multiple varying size retention cysts as detailed.  Prior endoscopic functional sinus surgery with patent right sinonasal window and compromised left due to mucosal thickening.2.	Minimal bilateral anterior ethmoid air cell opacification.3.	Unremarkable other paranasal sinuses, nasal passage, mastoid air cells and bilateral middle ear cavities.
1.Global small bowel and colonic wall thickening with severe wall thickening of a segment of proximal jejunum. Bowel ischemia cannot be excluded. 2.Large peripancreatic and perisplenic loculated low-density fluid collections causing significant compression of the stomach and likely secondary to patient's known pancreatitis. The fluid collections are similar in size to recent study from 2/17/2015.3.Moderate bilateral pleural effusions, which are slightly increased in size. Findings were discussed by telephone with the clinical service, Dr. Reid, at 2:30 p.m.. on 2/20/2015.
1.	Interval decrease in mediastinal lymphadenopathy.2.	Near complete resolution of right upper lobe pulmonary nodule
1. Significant Interval enlargement in size of the aneurysm sac, most prominent along the proximal descending thoracic aorta.2. Active contrast extravasation arising from the mid to distal stent graft in the descending thoracic aorta, indicating a large endoleak, most likely type III.
1.	There is opacification of the right middle ear and right mastoid air cells associated bony erosion extending towards the right sigmoid sinus suggestive of acute coalescent mastoiditis.2.	There is narrowing of the right sigmoid sinus and transverse sinus junction associated with extra to rule lesion appear the possibility of this is related to an infectious process cannot be excluded if clinically appropriate MRI of the brain and MRV of the brain may be of further benefit in evaluating this.  Differential considerations include a thrombus in the sigmoid sinus and an epidural abscess.3.	Opacities in the left mastoid air cells and left middle ear.  Please correlate with clinical symptoms and signs.4.	Findings were discussed with the Dr. Suskind at the time of this dictation.
Third ventricle residual colloid cyst, unchanged in its size and MR signal characteristics since prior scan.
1.	Slight interval increased parenchymal edema at the tip of right temporal lobe at the site of contusion however with decreased blood since prior exam.2.	Interval decreased subarachnoid hemorrhage in the right cement fissure.  Minimal residual blood still present.3.	Interval decreased hemorrhage overlapping the right frontal pole with minimal blood remaining.
Normal
Significant progression of the hypermetabolic tumor within the abdomen.
1.  No pulmonary emboli.2.  New small bilateral pleural effusions and compressive atelectasis.
Edema, atelectasis and effusions with no acute change.
1.	Overall interval decrease in the bilateral supraclavicular lymph nodes as described in the text above. 
Total Calcium score was 137; 86th percentile for age and gender.Probable focus of nodular scarlike opacity noted within the left upper lobe, incompletely visualized. Consider chest CT follow-up in 6 months for reassessment.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Mild superior endplate deformities of the T9 and T11 vertebral bodies which were present on prior CT. We see no fracture.
Dominant solid right testicular lesion with vascularity, highly suspicious for malignancy.
1.  Comminuted fracture of the roof of the right orbit and right frontal bone and anterior cranial fossa with step-off and with depression of fracture fragments into the right orbit displacing the adjacent superior rectus and eyeball.2.  Subtle CT evidence of right frontal lobe contusion(s).
No acute abnormalities.
1.Extensive soft tissue tumor invading the right atrium.2.Numerable soft tissue pulmonary nodules, some of which are cavitating, and soft tissue lesions in the liver and spleen most compatible with metastases.3.Segmental pulmonary emboli, clot surrounding the right internal jugular catheter tip, and IVC clot as described above. Dedicated vascular imaging of the neck can be considered to evaluate extent of right internal jugular thrombus if clinically warranted.4.Portacaval lymphadenopathy.5.Lytic osseous lesion in the T9 vertebral body, possibly a metastasis.
Bilateral pleural effusions, unknown etiology.
1.Areas of focal thickening along the tympanic membranes bilaterally, which may relate to the telangiectasias seen on direct inspection.2.No frank tympanic membrane perforation identified.3.No significant abnormality in the nasal cavity, with only minimal leftward nasal septal deviation.4. Mild sinus inflammatory changes.
1.  Slight enlargement involving the right lacrimal gland suggestive of a mild dacroadenitis with no associated abscess.  2.  Unremarkable CT examination of the head with no abnormal enhancement.
Multilevel degenerative arthritic changes, as above. No compression fracture is identified.
Octreotide avid tumor in the pancreatic head and lymph nodes in the porta hepatis, gastrohepatic ligament and portacaval region.The small low-attenuation lesion in the dome of the liver seen on outside CT is not octreotide avid.
Continued hazy lung opacities.
No significant abnormality. No reliable evidence of ABPA, although CT would be more sensitive if clinically indicated.
Interval placement of an ET tube in satisfactory position. Stable cardiopulmonary appearance.
No acute intracranial abnormalities..
Probable submucosal edema gallbladder. Hepatomegaly. Differential diagnostic considerations include cholecystitis or generalized hepatic edema which may be associated with gallbladder edema.
Normal examination.
Slight increase in asymmetric ventricular enlargement, particularly on the left with unchanged findings of associated parenchymal distortion.
Mild nonobstructive adenoid hypertrophy. Moderate palatine tonsillar hypertrophy.
1.	Slight decrease in the size of the reference nodes in the chest and abdomen.2.	Interval metallic stent placement in the proximal esophagus.3.	Cecal and sigmoid lesions.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Right upper lobe mass, compatible with stated diagnosis of lung cancer.  There is right hilar and precarinal lymphadenopathy.  No evidence of extrathoracic metastases.
1. 13.8mm x 7.9mm x 13.6mm sized left frontal extra dural high attenuation lesion likely represent meningioma, unchanged since prior scan.2. No evidence of acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion.3. Nonspecific small vessel ischemic disease.
Subacute left middle cerebral artery stroke without evidence of hemorrhagic conversion or midline shift.
Inferior right renal pole lesion with decreased enhancement associated with mass effect and adjacent inflammatory changes likely representing an infectious process in light of patient known clinical history and presentation, although a neoplastic process can not be ruled. Recommend follow up renal CT to exclude neoplastic process.  
Worsening multifocal opacities suspicious for infection.
1. Minimal soft tissue defect of left lateral abdominal wall at the level of iliac wing.  No acute intra-abdominal process.  No evidence of fracture.
Severe left knee osteoarthritis. 
Postsurgical changes status post left craniotomy and grid placement without evidence of acute intracranial abnormality.
No acute fracture or malalignment. Findings reflective of rheumatoid arthritis described above.
Severe degenerative changes with medial joint space narrowing
Interval increase in size of several pulmonary nodules and subcarinal lymphadenopathy.   I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.Increased hepatic echogenicity suggestive of parenchymal dysfunction/fatty infiltration. 2.Gallbladder sludge without evidence of cholecystitis.3.Mild ascites, new from April 2016 CT.4.Echogenic kidneys suggestive of medical renal disease.
Normal examination.  Normal appearance of the kidneys with conventional renal vascular anatomy.
Interval decrease in the degree of edema involving the medullar and large portions of the spinal cord. 
Small amount of free fluid in the right pelvis, could represent a small amount of blood products although this is nonspecific. No additional significant abnormality.
1. No evidence of a pulmonary embolus.2. Mild bronchial wall thickening and focal air trapping in the right lower lobe may represent bronchitis or reactive airways disease.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
Unremarkable CT of the paranasal sinuses.
1.Indeterminate 10 mm cystic lesion in the neck of the pancreas communicating with the duct, likely a sidebranch IPMN. Enhancement of this lesion cannot be determined due to motion artifact.2.Indeterminate right renal inferior pole lesion which was not evaluated on the postcontrast portion of this study. Characterization of this lesion is recommended on subsequent enhanced imaging, otherwise one-year follow-up is recommended.
1.	Subtle soft tissue thickening and enhancement of the left sinus is a new finding since prior exam as detailed above.  Findings may represent posttreatment changes.2.	Stable posttreatment changes of the soft tissues of the neck and no evidence of pathologic adenopathy.
Normal exam except for evidence of minimal atherosclerotic changes, particularly near the origin of the left renal artery.  The pancreas is normal.
No evidence of renal stone.  Negative CT examination shows no abnormality to explain the patient's symptoms.
Congenitally slender spinal canal. Multilevel cervical spondylosis most pronounced at C5-C6 where there is severe central canal stenosis and at C4-C5 where there is moderate central canal stenosis with associated chronic myelomalacia at both of these levels. Additional scattered neuroforaminal stenosis, some of which is severe.
Partially obstructing stone in the right mid ureter.
Status post cystectomy with neobladder since the prior exam. New metastases in lung and mediastinum and lymphadenopathy in left lung hilum and pelvis. 
1.	Large lacunar infarct in the left basal ganglial which has the appearance of an old stroke however precise age of this is stroke cannot be determined on CT.  Consider MRI if concern for acute new stroke persist.2.	Unremarkable exam otherwise.3.	Old blowout fracture of left floor of orbit with retro-orbital herniation of fat and partially of the left inferior rectus muscle as detailed.
Two enlarging complex left upper pole renal lesions suspicious for renal cell carcinoma. 
Ileus bowel gas pattern, similar to prior.
Healing fractures of the second, third, and fourth metatarsals, with other findings as described above.
1.	Moderate to advanced to small vessel ischemic strokes of indeterminate age.2.	No acute intracranial hemorrhage, edema, mass-effect, midline shift or hydrocephalus.3.	CT is insensitive for detection of early acute ischemic strokes.4.	Presence of a prosthetic metallic device in the right glenoid cavity is noted.
The ileostomy in the right lower quadrant has herniated small bowel loops with a fat stranding, fluid within it, concerning for incarceration/ischemia of the ileostomy/stomal hernia.  Small bowel loop proximal to the ostomy is dilated demonstrating small bowel feces sign consistent with partial small bowel obstruction.Findings conveyed to the ER resident via stat consult by radiology resident on call
1.  Bladder stones with a markedly enlarged prostate which indents the bladder base.2. No evidence of nephrolithiasis or obstructive morphology of the renal collecting system.3. Left inguinal hernia containing colon with diverticula, no CT evidence of complications.
Basilar subsegmental atelectasis which is new. This can be related to early edema.
No significant abnormalities.
1. Findings consistent with prior ACL graft reconstruction. The graft appears intact. Signal abnormality along the anterior aspect of the ACL graft likely represents anterior arthrofibrosis versus a synovitis.2. Focal partial thickness articular cartilage cleft/fissure along the lateral tibiofemoral compartment as described above.3. Small joint effusion.
Findings suspicious for a small CAM deformity of the right hip.
ET tube tip approximately 4 cm above the carina.
Neuropathic foot as above, with no significant interval change.
1.	Stable pulmonary, hepatic, and osseous metastases.2.	New compression of the superior endplate of L1, possibly pathologic. 
Trace residual right apical pneumothorax. Partial clearing of lower zone opacities.
Soft tissue swelling without fracture or malalignment.
No evidence of metastases.    
1.	Right hemispheric surgical cavity containing blood product as a result of postoperative changes.2.	No evidence of surrounding edema of the brain parenchyma.  Similar observation as preop exam.3.	Expected postoperative changes of subarachnoid air with mass effect on the right frontal horn.4.	Stable size of ventricular system, no midline shift, no parenchymal hemorrhage or subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Unchanged CHF and support devices.
Echogenic kidneys compatible with medical renal disease without hydronephrosis.
No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No evidence of lymphadenopathy.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.  Progression of disease with new hepatic metastases2.  Increased bilateral pleural effusions and compressive atelectasis.
A mass in the posterior cranial fossa with mild enlargement of the ventricular system as described above.  Further evaluation with an infused MRI is recommended.
1.	No evidence of metastatic disease in the chest or abdomen.  2.	Stable right upper lobe ground glass nodular opacity which may represent atypical adenomatous hyperplasia or indolent adenocarcinoma.  Continued annual follow-up is recommended.
Sigmoid colitis.  Cardiomegaly and bilateral pleural effusions, probably due to congestive heart failure.  No bowel obstruction.  No abscess.  Gallbladder sludge.
Stable disease.   
Multiple uterine nodules, some likely represent fibroids, others are nonspecific. No definite evidence of remote disease.
1.  Interval enlargement left lower lobe pulmonary abscess with new central necrosis.  No associated cavitation.2.  Trans-diaphragmatic extension of left lower lobe abscess with a second abscess collection in the left upper quadrant, not significantly changed in size.  Stable, enlarged mesenteric lymph node.  Findings discussed with pulmonary fellow on 1/16/09 at 10am.3.  Upper esophageal wall thickening, please clinically correlate for possible reflux.4.  Right atrial enlargement.
1. No acute intracranial hemorrhage or mass effect.2. Findings of chronic small vessel ischemic disease as above. Present CT is insensitive for detection of early nonhemorrhagic ischemia and MRI may be obtained for further evaluation if clinically indicated.
No acute intracranial abnormality. Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age. Note that CT is insensitive for acute non-hemorrhagic stroke. If there is continued clinical concern an MR should be considered. 
No evidence of aspiration pneumonia.
Evolving subacute infarction in the right lentiform nucleus superimposed on a background of extensive chronic small vessel ischemic disease. No discrete new areas of hypoattenuation or acute intracranial hemorrhage is noted. No mass effect or midline shift. 
1. Slight increase in size of index bladder base soft tissue nodule.2. New large left external iliac lymph node mass most consistent with metastatic disease.3. New small amount of free fluid accumulating in dependent pelvis.
Hill-Sachs deformity and Bankart lesion compatible with prior humeral head dislocation.
The endotracheal tube cuff is likely at the cords. Advancement is recommended.
Minimal wedging of the T6 vertebral body with no evidence of cervical and thoracic spine fracture or subluxation. If spinal cord or ligamentous injury is suspected MRI is recommended.
1. New, ill-defined sclerotic focus in the medial femoral condyle which given the close interval follow-up and history of recent surgery is most likely postprocedural in etiology. Serial imaging is recommended to exclude other etiologies such as infection. 2. Mild osteoarthritis of the bilateral knees.
Casted both bones buckle fractures in near-anatomic alignment.
Normal chest radiograph.
Bronchiolitis or airway hyperreactivity.
ETT unchanged
Unremarkable appearance of the temporal bones.  Partially visualized paranasal sinus opacification involving the right ethmoid air cells and possibly the right frontoethmoidal recess.  Suggest clinical correlation.
1.Post-biopsy changes of the left peripheral zone. There is slight bulging of the prostate contour but no frank extraprostatic extension. No seminal vesicle invasion. Nonspecific subcentimeter left obturator lymph node.2.Possible additional 5 mm focus of prostatic adenocarcinoma in the right apex.
Nasogastric tube looped in the proximal stomach. Low lung volumes with atelectasis but no specific signs of edema or pneumonia.
Improvement in the right basilar opacity. No other interval change.
1. Mild to moderate wall thickening of the sigmoid, descending and transverse colon favor infectious or inflammatory colitis over underdistention. No ascites or bowel obstruction noted.2. Status post Whipple procedure with postsurgical changes noted in the pancreatectomy bed.3. Subpleural 3 mm micronodule in the right upper lobe needs continued surveillance most likely inflammatory.
Scattered micronodules in both lungs, nonspecific.Patient's known mass in the hepatic hilum extending to the left lobe of the liver consistent with patient's known history of Klatskin tumor.  Posterior segments of the right lobe biliary tree doesn't seem to be adequately drained.  Metallic stents in the common bile duct.Most likely pseudocyst formation around the pancreas as described in the body of the report.Hypertrophic ileocecal valve versus a lipoma at the level of the ileocecal valve without causing any bowel obstruction.
ET tube in acceptable position.
1. A mass at the junction between the oral tongue and base of tongue that measures up to approximately 32 mm is compatible with squamous cell carcinoma, although this region is partially obscured by dental artifact. 2. No evidence of significant cervical lymphadenopathy based on size criteria. 3. Extensive atherosclerotic plaque at the bilateral carotid bifurcations.4. A left thyroid nodule measures up to 30 mm. Dedicated ultrasound may be useful for further evaluation.5. Bilateral pleural effusions. Please refer to the separate chest CT report for additional details.
1. Acute on chronic pancreatitis visualized, acute findings new from earlier CT imaging. Small fluid collections as described. Ascites and reactive wall thickening involving duodenum and right-sided colon, mild gastric distention, element of partial obstruction not excluded.2. Mildly distended bladder with possible thin circumferential wall thickening, bilateral mild urothelial wall thickening involving both ureters, prostatomegaly. Correlate with patient's clinical history and urinalysis for bladder outlet obstruction and possibility of urinary tract infection.3. Please see body of report for additional findings.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are identified. No specific evidence of infection.
Limited exam with no evidence of fracture or joint effusion. Follow-up with complete radiographic ankle series should be considered if clinically warranted.
Findings consistent with CHF with no acute change.
Low lung volumes with no specific evidence of infection or edema
Developing grouped calcifications in the left upper outer breast for which spot magnification views are recommended. BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: EB - Additional Mammo/Ultrasound Workup Required.
ETT in appropriate position. Left apical cavitary lesion with no significant interval change.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality.2. Nonspecific patchy low attenuation in the deep and periventricular white matter may represent chronic ischemic small vessel disease.3. Findings suspicious for nondisplaced fracture of the occipital bone with overlying hypertrophic osseous change and adjacent subcutaneous hematoma.4.  Osteolytic lesion in the superior right occipital bone may represent benign fibro-osseous lesion.
Colonic ileus. Surgical clips left upper quadrant. No evidence of small bowel obstruction.
1.Osteoarthritis of the left shoulder with small focus of calcific tendinopathy of the rotator cuff.2.Mild osteoarthritis of the right knee.
Soft tissue swelling without fracture evident.
No scintigraphic findings to suggest bone metastases.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
There appears to be 10 mm left apical pneumothorax however please note that a pleural line may be mimicked by the margin of the overlying fluid-containing saline bag. Recommend removal of this overlying objects and a follow-up film.Cardiology fellow Andrew Beaser (3942) verbally notified at 10:25 AM on 12/29/2016.
24 Sitz markers identified, distributed predominantly throughout the cecum and ascending colon. 
No recurrent or metastatic disease is evident.
Normal ventilation and perfusion images. No evidence of pulmonary embolism.
1.Large pituitary macroadenoma with resultant significant expansion of the sella, extension into bilateral cavernous sinuses, extension into basal cistern and with significant asymmetric leftward invagination of tumor into the left frontal lobe with resultant vasogenic edema, mass effect on the left lateral ventricle and 12 mm rightward deviation of septum pellucidum.2.No evidence of ventriculomegaly or ventricular entrapment.3.CTA of intracranial circulation demonstrates vascular displacement secondary to tumor as detailed and unremarkable otherwise.4.For more precise assessment of this finding an MRI examination of the pituitary is recommended. This is study in particular is significantly more sensitive for assessment of tumor invasion into the cavernous sinuses.
No significant change from prior study in the patient's known abdominal aortic aneurysm.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains unremarkable, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. In view of dense breasts, annual screening MRI may be beneficial for this patient. Results and recommendations were discussed with the patient. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
Stable postoperative changes without evidence of recurrence or lymphadenopathy.
Cardiomegaly but no evidence of pulmonary edema or pneumonia.
1.  Parenchymal volume loss and small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate.  These changes are especially pronounced in the left hemisphere and may indicate stenosis at the level of a large proximal vessel.  Follow-up MRA of the neck and brain may be considered if further evaluation is indicated.2.  Chronic right cerebellar infarct.
Orthopedic fixation of the lower lumbar spine appearing similar to that seen on the prior study.
New pulmonary edema and pleural effusions with a known left lower lung zone mass.
1.	Frontal region status post craniotomy and aneurysm clipping procedure change.  There is no evidence of intraparenchymal hemorrhage or diffuse parenchyma edema.2.	Right maxillary sinus opacification.
No significant abnormality.
There is no radiographic evidence of sacroiliitis or other radiographic findings to account for the patient's hip and back pain.
1.	Findings consistent with high-grade mechanical partial small bowel obstruction, with transition point in left lower quadrant.  No evidence of bowel wall thickening or free air2.	Pneumobilia consistent with prior history of choledochojejunostomy.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are identified. No specific evidence of infection or aspiration.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography. 
Stable appearance of the chest with no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No pulmonary embolus. Cardiomegaly and postsurgical changes secondary to mitral valve replacement appear similar to the prior exam. Nonspecific, enlarged right hilar lymph node is also similar to prior.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
1. Multilevel degenerative changes in the cervical spine including a right central disc extrusion at the C6-C7 level. There is mild to moderate degree of spinal canal stenosis at the C4-C5 and C6-C7 levels where the disc herniations mildly indent the ventral cord. No cord signal abnormality. Additional details as above.2. Heterogeneous thyroid gland with 15 mm nodule involving the right thyroid lobe.
Stable right upper lobe nodule.No significant change in diffuse osteoblastic metastatic disease
No abscess identified.  Inflammatory changes.
1.Area of predominantly cystic encephalomalacia in the right parietal and occipital lobes correlating with area of previously seen parenchymal hemorrhage, with possible overlying additional chronic subdural collection from extra-axial extension of blood products versus in part due to the adjacent volume loss.2.Trace susceptibility within the lateral ventricles consistent with history of prior intraventricular hemorrhage.3.Diminutive cerebellar tissue as well as slightly small posterior fossa, more conspicuous on the right, with evidence of prior hemorrhagic insult. Underlying prominence of rhomboencephalosynapsis.4.Thinned brainstem, especially along the pons, likely developmental.5.Nonspecific prominence of the ventricles and anterior subarachnoid spaces which are nonspecific but could relate to benign enlargement of subarachnoid spaces of infancy which should resolve by 2 years of age. Follow-up imaging may be obtained as clinically indicated.6.Myelination is slightly delayed for corrected age.
No evidence for local recurrence or neck lymphadenopathy on the basis of CT size criteria for lymphadenopathy
1.	No change in the left lower lobe 4mm micronodule.2.	No specific evidence of metastatic disease.
1.	Apparent segmentation anomaly due to hemivertebra between T11 and L1, causing severe kyphosis at thoracolumbar junction and levoscoliosis that are bridged by fusion hardware.  No acute malalignment or evidence of other hardware complication.2.	No definite plexiform neurofibromata or gross intraspinal mass are seen, within limits of CT technique and spine field of view.  However, this study provides nondiagnostic evaluation of the paraspinal soft tissues and spinal canal near the region of thoracolumbar hardware due to streak artifact.
1.	Dilated fluid-filled colon and free intraperitoneal fluid are seen.  Given patient's history, findings may be secondary to gastroenteritis.2.	No appendicitis, obstruction, or free intraperitoneal air.
1.	Right transcranial catheter has been pulled back since prior study, with tip now located in right lateral ventricle.2.	Intraventricular blood unchanged from prior exam.  No new hemorrhage. 3.	Stable right temporal/parietal vasogenic edema.4.	Stable postsurgical changes in right scalp/skull.
Pleural effusions and atelectasis, possibly with edema or infection, generally unchanged.
Limited abdominal Doppler ultrasound showing a patent portal vein. Bilateral pleural effusions and minimal ascites.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Mild mediastinal widening following extubation but stable on a follow-up study.
COPD, otherwise unremarkable.
No evidence of metastatic disease. 
1.  Redemonstration of perihilar ground glass opacities with bronchial wall thickening, most suspicious for a combination of atypical infection and hemorrhage.  Correlation for a history of immunosuppression or HIV infection is advised.2.  Mild/moderate mediastinal and hilar adenopathy. Given that the adenopathy and pulmonary findings, sarcoidosis is also a consideration.3. 5-mm right upper lobe nodule.  If the patient is high risk, initial follow up CT at 6 to 12 months is advised.  Otherwise, a follow-up CT in 12 months can be obtained.
Distal end of enteral tube within proximal jejunum. Slight decrease in degree of dilatation of proximal small bowel loops.
1. Substantial interval increase in size of right lung index lesion when compared to original study dated 4/20/09.  Only slight progression of the index lesion when compared to most recent study dated 11/4/09.2. New lytic lesion with in the left ilium likely an osseous metastasis.   
Two micronodules in the left lower lung lobes, most likely benign.  However, in view of the patient's clinical history, further follow-up is recommended.
Right basilar peripheral opacity, consistent with early infection. 
Interval removal of right-sided chest tube with no evidence of complications related to the procedure.
1.Stable examination with no new sites of disease identified.2.Grossly stable osseous metastatic lesions. See same day nuclear medicine bone scan for additional details.
No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or mass. CT is otherwise insensitive for the detection of seizure foci and MRI may be useful for further evaluation if there are no contraindications.
Left basilar opacity and pleural effusion. No acute displaced rib fractures evident.
There is no acute intracranial abnormality.
No significant change in bilateral airspace disease and pleural effusions with pigtail drain.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
1.Chronic right MCA infarct.2.Chronic right PICA infarct.3.Small vessel disease of indeterminate ages. If there is a continued clinical concern for acute ischemia, MRI would be recommended.4.No acute intracranial hemorrhage.5.There is a small air-fluid level in the right maxillary sinus.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Stable lung, renal, perirenal, omental lesions
1. Echogenic renal parenchyma, without hydronephrosis, compatible with medical renal disease.2. Small amount of ascites and right pleural effusion.
No change.  No evidence for recurrent disease.
Infrarenal abdominal aortic and bilateral common iliac arteries aneurysms.
1.	Chest wall and subpleural hematoma with layering fluid and air within the right pleural space.2.	High-grade proximal small bowel obstruction in the left upper quadrant and abdominal ascites.3.	Status post esophagectomy and gastric pull-up without evidence of leakage.
1. Confluent soft tissue opacification in the medial left external auditory canal with mild irregularity of the bony walls may represent postoperative effects related to tympanoplasty versus medial canal fibrosis, cholesteatoma formation, or perhaps otitis externa.2. Nonspecific focal opacity in the anterior left mesotympanum that measures up to 3 mm.
Stable exam status-post thyroidectomy without evidence of residual or recurrent disease. No suspicious adenopathy is visualized.
Sensorimotor cortical activity maps as expected along the pre- and post-central gyri.Language is left dominant. Broca's area is identified as expected in the pars orbitalis and/or opercularis of the left inferior frontal lobe. Wernicke's area is identified as expected along the posterior aspect of the superior temporal sulcus.
External distractor device in place with no evidence of hardware complication.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1.	Unremarkable CT of brain.2.	Extensive postoperative changes of the left neck with excessive scar tissue as detailed.  Please see above comments.3.	No definitive evidence of metastatic lymph nodes in the neck.4.	Extensive low density of the mandible bilaterally with suspected air within the marrow space and a fracture on the left.  Findings are highly suspicious for an infectious process or postradiation and should be further evaluated with dedicated studies.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography.Biapical left greater than right pulmonary bulla/blebs are noted. 
1. PICC tip in the SVC. 2. Bibasilar opacities likely reflecting aspiration or infection.3. Enteric tube tip in the stomach, with side port in the distal esophagus.
1.	Multiple lobar and segmental pulmonary emboli.  2.	Small amount of pneumomediastinum and pulmonary interstitial emphysema.  
1. Air-filled esophagus without evidence of communication with right sided loculated pneumothorax.2.  Right-sided chest tube is most likely in the minor fissure, not in communication with the pneumothorax and filled with solid material.3.  Dependent atelectasis and a small amount of pleural fluid.
1. Multiple basilar pulmonary micronodules, indeterminate in appearance however are at least mildly suspicious for pulmonary metastases.  Recommend short-term follow-up with CT in 2-3 months as well as correlation with nuclear scintigraphy.2.  Small sclerotic focus in the T9 vertebral body, please correlate with nuclear scintigraphy and/or bone scan to exclude metastatic lesion.3. Small enhancing soft tissue nodule in the left breast and a small enhancing lymph node in the right breast are incompletely characterized by CT, recommend correlation with mammography.
Arthritic changes appear predominantly degenerative in etiology. There is a new defect within the base of the proximal phalanx of the fifth finger that may represent an erosion. We see no specific radiographic features of sarcoidosis.
ET tube tip below thoracic inlet and above the carina.
Small joint effusion, but no fracture or dislocation.
1.	There is hypodensity present along the gyri of the insula, cingulate gyri, basal ganglia and hippocampi. If clinically appropriate MRI of the brain with gadolinium would be of benefit to further investigate this. Differential considerations include hypoxic event, encephalitis, and leptomeningeal disease.2.	CT of the paranasal sinuses only demonstrated minor mucosal thickening3.	Findings were communicated to Dr Halpern via alphanumeric page at the time of this dictation.
1.Occlusion of the right internal carotid artery with intracranial compensation via the circle of Willis - predominantly the anterior communicating artery. There is some suggestion that cerebral blood flow may be lower in the right middle cerebral artery territory when compared to the left middle cerebral artery territory. This is corroborated by susceptibility weighted imaging findings on the May/1/15 MRI brain exam.2.Occlusion of the right posterior cerebral artery distal to the P1 segment.3.Findings suggest 50% stenosis at the cavernous segment of the left internal carotid artery. This suggests that a larger proportion than usual of the supply of the intracranial circulation depends on the right vertebral artery via the circle of Willis.
No significant abnormality.
Increasing CHF with minimal repositioning of both basilar and bilateral chest tubes
Soft tissue defect consistent with stab wound with no underlying fracture or retained foreign body
No acute intracranial hemorrhage or mass effect. No evidence of disproportionate ventricular dilatation.
No acute intracranial abnormality. Small vessel ischemic changes of indeterminant age. If there remains clinical concern for an acute ischemic event, MRI of the brain is recommended.
Advancement of endotracheal tube recommended. Intra-aortic balloon pump is not well visualized in the descending thoracic aorta. A radiopacity similar to that of an intra-aortic balloon pump tip does project within the SVC.
Persistent diffuse lung haziness, left lower lobe atelectasis and right-sided pleural effusion.Abdominal postsurgical changes as described.
Possible fatty liver. No biliary obstruction. Small medical renal kidneys with renal transplant right iliac fossa.
Unremarkable examination.
Interstitial and airspace opacities may reflect atypical edema in the absence of clinical signs of infection. If the patient is immunocompromised, atypical pneumonia may have a similar radiographic appearance, but this is considered less likely. Recommend serial radiographic follow-up to complete resolution.
No evidence pulmonary embolism.  Subsegmental atelectasis or scarring right middle lobe.
Scattered primarily white matter lesions, as above. While one lesion may be larger, the rest are stable or decreased in size. These findings may be seen with demyelinating disease, however they remain nonspecific. Other inflammatory etiologies may also be considered.
No significant change from previous study.
Unremarkable noncontrast CT sinuses with no evidence of sinonasal disease.
Slightly decreasing right pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.
No change in pulmonary opacities and pleural effusions.
Low lung volumes makes detailed cardiopulmonary assessment difficult. Probable basilar atelectasis. Lines and tubes, as above. No convincing evidence of significant pulmonary edema.
Assessment is very limited by expiratory projection and motion artifact. Indeterminate right midlung consolidative opacity is noted. Recommend repeat chest radiograph.
High-grade small bowel obstruction, not significantly changed from the prior exam.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1. Hepatic cirrhosis and findings of portal venous hypertension.  No suspicious hepatic lesion.  Patent hepatic vasculature.2. Stable exophytic Bosniak II cyst upper pole left kidney
1.Stable moderate right and small left pleural effusions with adjacent atelectasis, but no discrete/measurable pleural nodularity.2.Slight interval increase in size of a morphologically abnormal right lower paratracheal and para-aortic lymph nodes.3.No significant interval change in size and appearance of a morphologically abnormal right costomediastinal angle lymph node.4.No significant interval change in size or appearance of a right hepatic dome hypodensity, which is incompletely characterized, but could represent metastatic disease.
Right total hip arthroplasty in near-anatomic alignment.
1. Normal appendix.2. Prominent mesenteric lymph nodes in the right lower quadrant nonspecific but may represent mesenteric adenitis.3. Small amount of free pelvic fluid likely physiologic in a patient of this age.4. Possible layering sludge in the gallbladder. No surrounding inflammatory changes. 
There is no evidence of lymphadenopathy in the chest, abdomen or pelvis to suggest disease recurrence.
1.Small 4-mm somewhat spiculated nodule in the right upper lobe presumably representing this patient's known lung cancer. No significant interval change identified in comparison to a prior outside PET/CT. However, accurate comparison cannot be made to differences in technique and resolution. Recommend comparison to any prior dedicated chest CT exams if possible.2.Prominent AP window lymph node.3.Severe upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema.
Minimal frontal scalp swelling without skull fracture or acute intracranial hemorrhage.
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern with below average stool burden.
Stable postsurgical changes in the left breast. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
No significant pneumothorax.
1.Enteric tube terminates in the region of the mid gastric body within a distended stomach.2.Possible avascular necrosis of the femoral heads, if patient has pain consider dedicated 2 view hip radiographs
Laceration without radiopaque foreign body. Boxer's fracture of the fifth metacarpal as described above.
Improvement in right basilar consolidation with persistent effusion.
1.	No acute intracranial abnormality or skull fracture.2.	No fracture or subluxation in the cervical spine.
1.	Stable post therapy changes of soft tissues of the neck with no evidence of recurrence of tumor or adenopathy.2.	Stable CT examination of brain with no evidence of metastases.
Nondisplaced intra-articular distal radius fracture as described above.
There has been interval placement of a right frontal approach ventriculostomy catheter with its tip terminating in the left lateral ventricle near the foramen of Monroe. A small amount of pneumocephalus is present. There are no postprocedural hematomas. Expected postprocedural changes are noted within the overlying subcutaneous tissues at the site of insertion.
1.	Interval increase in size of retroperitoneal and pelvic lymph nodes with measurements above.  These can be followed on subsequent surveillance imaging.2.	Increased prominence of vaginal cuff.  Suggest correlation with physical exam.3.	Nonspecific pulmonary micronodule.4.	Ectatic ascending aorta. 
Mild bilateral osteoarthritis of the hips. Bilateral sclerosis of the SI joints on both sides of the joint, which may be seen in inflammatory arthritis.
Multiple subsegmental emboli with a small left pleural effusion and left basilar subsegmental atelectasis.This was discussed with Dr. Hawking of the emergency department at 1:11 PM 8/19/2016.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Positive.Chronicity: Acute.Multiplicity: Multiple.Most Proximal: Subsegmental.RV Strain: Negative. 
No significant abnormality. No specific evidence of infection or edema.
1.Right increase in the size of the right chest wall mass.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Enteric tube with tip projecting over gastric body. The side port is distal to the gastroesophageal junction.
Dilated bowel gas pattern with no evidence of NEC.
Intraluminal placement of the gastrostomy tube is above.
1.  Mixed response of multiple pulmonary metastases, some have increased in size and others have decreased.2.  The left lower lobe reference pulmonary mass has slightly increased in size.3.  Subcarinal lymphadenopathy has increased, 20 mm in short axis.
Unremarkable nonenhanced head CT. CT however is insensitive for early detection of acute nonhemorrhagic ischemic strokes.
1.Probable type II endoleak(s) with aneurysm measurement as described above.2.Evolving right pararenal hematoma.3.Bilateral small hypoattenuating fluid collections and stranding over the iliac vessels likely represent post-procedural collections. Further attenuating may be provided on subsequent studies.
Interstitial opacities and small pleural right pleural effusion similar to the prior exam. No evidence of infection.
Mineralization and soft tissue swelling dorsal to the proximal phalanx of the thumb but without a fracture line. The differential diagnoses includes heterotopic ossification from prior injury, florid reactive periostitis, or bizarre parosteal osteochondromatosis proliferation (BPOP).
No evidence of active infection or significant acute abnormality.
Very mild air trapping and bronchial wall thickening, most consistent with the patient's history of COPD. No evidence of interstitial fibrosis.
UVC tip is at the cavoatrial junction.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
No acute abnormalities.
Intrahepatic IVC appears grossly patent, however, evaluation of the infrarenal IVC were not possible due to body habitus. If there is strong clinical concern, a contrast advised CT can be obtained.
Mildly increased cortical echogenicity bilaterally, nonspecific but may represent medical renal disease.*SFU grading system: Grade 0: No hydronephrosis. Grade 1: The renal pelvis is visualized. Grade 2: A few but not all of the calices are identified in addition to the renal pelvis. Grade 3: Virtually all the calices are seen. Grade 4: Grade 3 and parenchymal thinning.Fernbach SK, Maizels M, Conway JJ. Ultrasound Grading of Hydronephrosis: Introduction to the System used by the Society for Fetal Urology. Pediatric Radiology (1993) 23: 478-480.***Rosenbaum DM, Korngold E, Teele RL. Sonographic Assessment of Renal Length in Normal Children. AJR Am J. Roentgenol (1984) 142:467-469
1.Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate ages. If there is continued clinical concern for acute ischemia, MRI would be recommended..2.No acute intracranial hemorrhage.
No significant change in the size and number of the intra-abdominal fluid collections.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSA - Screening Mammogram.
Peritoneal metastases as well as metastatic disease to the liver and lungs.
No evidence of abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Successful ultrasound-guided core biopsy of left axillary lymph node and clip placement. Pathology is pending at this time.BIRADS: 5 - Highly suggestive of malignancy.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
Very mild degenerative arthritic changes as above.
No significant abnormality.
1. Large heterogeneous lesion within the proximal tibia in the background of chronic AVN. There is new cortical breakthrough laterally as well as a small soft tissue component. While osteomyelitis is a diagnostic consideration, the lesion does not appear as fluid, but actually enhancing soft tissue. Given this, a malignant lesion must be entertained. Further evaluation with nuclear medicine could be useful or consider tissue sampling.2. Avascular necrosis of the distal femur and proximal tibia/fibula appearing similar to prior.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1. No significant change in the size of the pulmonary nodules.2. Continued decrease in size of soft tissue in the left nephrectomy bed.
1. 7 mm cluster of nonobstructing renal stones in the left proximal collecting system without hydronephrosis.2. Mild interval enlargement of multiple right pelvic lymph nodes, which may be reactive. Attention should be paid to this area on follow-up examinations.3. Mildly increased wall thickening of the distal pouch adjacent to the anastomosis.
Mild to moderate osteoarthritis of the knee.
1.  No interval change without acute intracranial abnormality.2.  Sinus disease.3.  Diffuse volume loss, unchanged.
Stable examination with postsurgical changes and no evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.
Upper zone chronic appearing interstitial opacities and right basilar opacity compatible with atelectasis and consolidation of uncertain chronicity. Erect PA and lateral radiographs recommended for further evaluation when feasible.
Subtle interstitial opacity suggestive of early edema. No specific evidence of infection.
CT venography demonstrates smooth narrowing along the entire length of the left transverse sinus.  There is no evidence of luminal irregularity to suggest residual thrombus.  Most commonly, this appearance reflects transverse sinus hypoplasia rather than chronic sinus thrombosis, and it is noted that the April 11 noncontrast CT showed no evidence of hyperdense clot or expansion, favoring anatomic variant over acute thrombus at that time.  No acute dural sinus thrombosis or deep cerebral vein thrombosis currently.Unremarkable CT angiography of the head.  Unremarkable appearance of the brain parenchyma.
1.  Enlargement of hepatic metastases and the prostatic tumor.  The prostatic tumor now extends to the right sidewall of the pelvis and is inseparable from the bladder and rectum.  New perirectal lymph node identified.2.  Stable mediastinal node, left upper lobe pulmonary nodule and bone metastases.
Positive ulnar variance. 
1.	No PE.2.	Predominantly left basilar consolidation which may represent infection or aspiration.
No evidence of hydronephrosis. Normal cortical echogenicity.*SFU grading system: Grade 0: No hydronephrosis. Grade 1: The renal pelvis is visualized. Grade 2: A few but not all of the calices are identified in addition to the renal pelvis. Grade 3: Virtually all the calices are seen. Grade 4: Grade 3 and parenchymal thinning.Fernbach SK, Maizels M, Conway JJ. Ultrasound Grading of Hydronephrosis: Introduction to the System used by the Society for Fetal Urology. Pediatric Radiology (1993) 23: 478-480.***Rosenbaum DM, Korngold E, Teele RL. Sonographic Assessment of Renal Length in Normal Children. AJR Am J. Roentgenol (1984) 142:467-469
Enteric tube with port projecting over the region of the distal esophagus and tip projecting over the region of the gastric fundus in the presumed hiatal hernia seen on recent chest radiograph.
Equivocal bowel wall thickening in a portion of the distal ileum is nonspecific and may represent inflammation or edema. Otherwise, no definitive findings to account for patient's symptoms.
1.  Two hyperattenuating cysts or solid nodules in the left kidney are indeterminate in appearance.  Recommend correlation with dedicated renal protocol CT or MRI when feasible (within the next 6 to 12 months) to exclude renal cell carcinoma and differentiate neoplasm from benign hemorrhagic or proteinaceous cysts.  The patient's next CT may be ordered with specific request for dedicated renal protocol.2.  Right upper lobe mass measurements as above, with only minimal change.  Other nodules as above.3.  Interstitial abnormality abutting the dependent subpleural regions of the right lung may be post inflammatory such as from recurrent aspiration versus early fibrosis.4.  Mediastinal and hilar lymphadenopathy similar to previous.  Small supraclavicular lymph nodes bilaterally unchanged.5.  Intrahepatic and extrahepatic biliary ductal dilatation, incompletely evaluated.
1.  Comminuted fracture extending from the nasal spine to the base of the bilateral nasal bones with overlying soft tissue swelling.  Some fragments of apparent bony are further laterally in the right nasolabial fold and the presence of foreign bodies cannot be excluded.2.  Suspected fracture of the anterior tip of the right inferior turbinate. 
No evidence of metastatic diseaseI personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Base of tongue mass and adjacent lymphadenopathy, decreased in size.  No new areas of malignancy.
No evidence of metastatic disease.
No radiographic findings to suggest pneumonia or pulmonary edema.Stable adequate position of right upper extremity PICC.
Diffuse atelectasis bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1. Interval placement of a fem-fem bypass graft, reconstituting the right common femoral artery.  Caliber of both common femoral arteries at the graft anastomosis is small, left extremely small.  Also, there is a critical stenosis of the left common femoral artery inflow.  2. Both superficial femoral arteries are thrombosed with reconstitution of both popliteal arteries above the knee.3. Both anterior tibial arteries thrombosed with reconstitution distally as described above.
Sentinel node identified in the right axilla.
Biopsy proven malignancy in the right breast. No mammographic evidence for malignancy in the left breast.BIRADS: 6 - Known cancer.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
1.	No bowel obstruction2.	Asymmetric soft tissue in the right retroareolar region suggest mammogram3.	Complex right renal cysts, not evaluated on the non-contrast exam.
Support devices unchanged. Bilateral pulmonary opacities with interval increase in the right upper lobe.
No evidence of pulmonary embolus.  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities identified
1.  Thickened aortic wall representing aortitis more likely than hematoma.2.  Thickened esophageal wall. Right breast mass.3.  Focal aortic dissection vs. enlarged lumbar branch vessel in aortic wall just proximal to renal artery origins. 
No acute abnormalities.
A punctate left midbrain focus of susceptibility effect may represent a chronic microhemorrhage or cavernous malformation, but no evidence of gross lesions along the imaged portions of the trigeminal nerves. Dedicated trigeminal nerve protocol MRI may be useful for further assessment.
1.Moderate osteoarthritic changes of the bilateral hands appearing similar to prior. No definite erosions to suggest rheumatoid arthritis.2.Very mild osteoarthritis of the bilateral knees.3.Sequela of prior femoral bone infarcts, unchanged.
Anterior shoulder dislocation.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
Bronchiolitis pattern with superimposed multifocal opacities.
Mixed cystic and solid structure in the left pelvis may represent an ovary with a cyst, lymphocele, or cystic node.  Increase in size since previous exam is concerning. Pelvic ultrasound is recommended for further evaluation.
1.  Findings compatible with bronchopneumonia in the right lung with developing pneumonia in the left lower lobe.2.  No organized collections to suggest abscess as clinically questioned.
Treatment related findings with no evidence of locally recurrent tumor or pathologic adenopathy.
Small vessel ischemic disease without evidence for an acute intracranial abnormality.
Persistent bibasilar opacities suggestive of aspiration or multifocal infection.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Interval increase of the left basilar consolidation/atelectasis. Stable bilateral small pleural effusions.
Nodule within the anterior aspect the left lung is highly compatible with neoplasm.  Assessment for nodal metastases is limited by lack of intravenous contrast and architectural distortion; consider PET for further evaluation.
1. Interval extraction of the tip of the foramen magnum-peritoneal shunt, now terminating external to the patient.2. Fluid collection and subcutaneous air adjacent to the catheter in the left lateral abdominal wall, with enhancing and thickened peritoneum. These findings are concerning for an infectious process including peritonitis.3. Sclerosis of the sacroiliac joints indicating bilateral sacroiliitis
Multiple bilateral pulmonary metastases not significantly changed from prior.
Cardiac changes, see detail above.  Pulmonary findings consistent with post aspiration and postoperative changes.  Service was contacted with these results.
1.  New findings of marked and diffuse wall thickening involving pan colitis and distal ileum.  Most likely etiology is infectious.  2.  Marked diffuse ascites and body anasarca.
Stable post-treatment findings in the neck without of measurable mass lesions or significant lymphadenopathy in the neck.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.	Bowel wall thickening in the ascending colon may represent colitis.2.	No significant change in the metastases or retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy.
1.  Thickened pylorus with poor passage of contrast into the small bowel, suspicious for gastric outlet obstruction. Severe gastroparesis can have a similar appearance2.  Increased lap band angle of phi relative to the published limits.  Further evaluation with upper GI study may be helpful to exclude band slippage.
No evidence for local recurrence or neck lymphadenopathy on the basis of CT size criteria for lymphadenopathy.Atrophic left parotid gland with a cystic transformation, slightly smaller in size than the prior CT.Absent right submandibular gland.Interstitial lung disease, unchanged from prior study.  Correlate with a dedicated chest
Worsening basilar opacities suggestive of aspiration or infection.
Persistent signs of pulmonary venous hypertension and interstitial pulmonary edema, slightly improved. Small right pleural effusion, decreased in size when compared to prior.
1. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually. 2. Targeted right breast ultrasound is separately dictated. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
Minimal thin shelled calcification involving the common and external iliac arteries bilaterally.  Left femoral vein catheter.  Mild ascites and mild anasarca
1.Mild interval increase in size of posterior aspect of the the lateral ventricles compared to previous study from 7/16/2015.2.No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage.Findings were discussed by Dr. Agnieszka Ardelt by Dr Kumar at 13:12 hrs on 7/18/2015.
1.  Liver segment IVb lesion suspicious for metastasis as detailed above.2.  Liver segment 6 lesion not appreciably changed from the scan dated 6/7/2009.  Given the patient's history, this is an indeterminate lesion.3.  Lung micronodules as detailed above.
Suspected mild failure superimposed upon chronic fibrotic changes and possible left lower lung partial consolidation. Serial imaging is needed to confirm clearance and exclusion of an infection
Small mucus retention cyst in the left maxillary sinus.  No evidence of acute or chronic sinusitis.
1.The examination is markedly limited by artifact related to cochlear implant with complete obscuration of the resection bed. 2.Where evaluable, no significant intracranial changes are seen.
Intermittent hiatal hernia without evidence of esophageal web/rings, strictures, or large masses. No spontaneous or elicited gastroesophageal reflux was identified.
1.	Diffuse cerebral and cerebellar volume loss.2.	No acute intracranial abnormality.
No acute intracranial abnormalities.
1. Redemonstration of post treatment changes in the neck with no discrete mass along the oropharyngeal soft tissues to suggest local regional tumor recurrence.2. No cervical lymphadenopathy.3. Stable appearance of heterogeneous oval nodule just inferior to the right lobe of the thyroid gland. This is consistent with previously seen exophytic thyroid nodule with pathology consistent with a colloid nodule.4. Slight increased prominence of small paratracheal lymph nodes. Please refer to separately dictated report for CT of the chest of the same day. 
No evidence of solid organ injury or free air.
Left PICC tip in the right atrium. Malpositioned ET tube.
Bilateral parietal lobe and inferior right temporal lobe encephalomalacia appears unchanged from prior exam accounting for differences in angulation.  However, CT is not sensitive in detecting acute ischemic change, especially with underlying chronic changes in this case, and MRI is recommended for further follow-up if suspicion for acute ischemia persists. 
Scoliosis, degenerative disease, and postoperative changes as described above without acute compression fracture.
Negative for acute, inflammatory, or neoplastic process.
Layering pleural effusions without pneumothorax.
Stable exam with no acute findings.
1.	Mid-esophageal mass with infiltration of surrounding mediastinal fat, compatible with known esophageal carcinoma.2.	Multiple enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes.3.	Two punctate lung micronodules, which have morphology suggestive of intrapulmonary lymph nodes; however, given patient's known cancer, continued follow-up is recommended.  
Normal brain MRI
ET tube in acceptable position.
Right total hip arthroplasty and other findings as above.
1. An infiltrative process involving the right preseptal and postseptal orbit may represent a breast cancer metastasis, although an infectious or post-traumatic process are differential considerations based on imaging.2. Right lamina papyracea fracture with herniation of orbital fat and medial rectus muscle herniation.3. Heterogeneity of the clivus may represent metastatic disease. A bone scan may be useful for further evaluation.4. Nonspecific bilateral mastoid effusions. 
1.	No definite evidence of locally recurrent tumor or cervical lymphadenopathy within highly abnormal post treatment background.2.	CT chest dictated separately. 
1.	No evidence of recurrence/residual tumor.2.	No significant cervical lymphadenopathy.  3.	No evidence of any intracranial, dural or leptomeningeal metastasis. 
1.	No detectable acute new finding since prior exam and in particular no evidence of any acute new hemorrhage.2.	The residual left frontal, temporal and parietal mixed density subdural and small left acute subtemporal hematoma demonstrate no significant interval change.  This residual subdural measures minimally larger in some measurements wall for it also measures minimally smaller and the others.3.	Stable overall mass effect from the left sided subdural and midline shift to the right of approximately 2.5 mm.4.	Chronic ischemic strokes in the distribution of the left superior cerebellar artery and left MCA/frontal region as detailed.
Lungs hypoinflated. Otherwise, no cardiopulmonary abnormalities noted.
1.	Right upper lobe mass suspicious for primary lung carcinoma.2.	Stable dilatation of the ascending aorta.3.	Mediastinal and hilar lymphadenopathy.4.	Indeterminate left adrenal nodule, see abdominal CT report for further details.5.	Interval resolution of bilateral pleural effusions and nodularity along the posterior pleura.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality. 2. Chronic infarct in basal right frontal lobe.3. Chronic ischemic small vessel disease.
Unremarkable CT of the temporal bones. Mild scattered paranasal sinus mucosal thickening.
Minimal maxillary sinus disease.  Otherwise normal brain CT.
Extensive bone metastases, retroperitoneal and pelvic and possibly mediastinal metastatic adenopathy.
Low lung volumes. Small left pleural effusion.
Right colonic and proximal one half of the transverse colon wall thickening with minimal surrounding inflammatory changes.  Findings most consistent with an infectious etiology given recent travel history and patient's age.
Healing supracondylar fracture with interval removal of K wires.
Unremarkable post contrast CT scan brain.
Mild interval movement in the airspace and interstitial opacities in both lungs.
1. Increased focus of activity along the inferior left pole of the thyroid may represent a parathyroid adenoma.2. Large focus of increased activity in the left neck likely corresponds to bulky lymphadenopathy seen on today's thyroid ultrasound.
1. Preoperative planning MRI for a left parietal lobe abscess with extensive vasogenic edema. Assessment of the previously demonstrated left temporal stem lesion is otherwise limited due to the lack of intravenous contrast.2. Unchanged ventriculomegaly, which may represent a normal pressure hydrocephalus superimposed upon cerebral volume loss, 3. Unchanged nonspecific background of diffuse cerebral white matter abnormality.
Stable postsurgical changes without evidence of metastatic disease.
No acute intracranial abnormality. 
Findings compatible with acute upon chronic sinusitis.
Severe bilobar intrahepatic as well as extrapelvic biliary dilatation secondary to obstruction by large porta hepatis mass. Differential diagnosis includes malignancy either of pancreatic or biliary origin. Would recommend correlation with dedicated cross-sectional imaging.Echogenic renal parenchyma suggestive for medical renal disease/parenchymal dysfunction without worrisome mass, stone, or obstruction.Dr. Woodruff notified of findings 2/13/2015; 11:30 am.
Postsurgical changes of spinal canal decompression at L2-3 and L4-5 in addition to discectomy at L4-5. There is evidence of residual/recurrent disc herniation at L4-5 with mild to moderate effacement of the thecal sac at this level. There is no high-grade spinal canal or high-grade neuroforaminal stenosis at any level.
1.Extensive complex tearing of the medial meniscus as described above.2.Near complete articular cartilage loss of the medial femoral condyle and medial tibial plateau with extensive underlying bone marrow edema.
Stable size and imaging characteristics of the known complex lesion of the left mid kidney containing thickened enhancing septations. Neoplasm including malignancy should be considered.
Mild rotator cuff tendinosis without evidence of a full-thickness rotator cuff tear. Other findings as described above.
No change in pulmonary edema and left lower lobe consolidation. Unchanged devices.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.Mammography is optimally performed when prior studies are available to detect changes. If the patient's prior mammograms are submitted, they will be used for future interpretations.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
No findings seen to account for patient's symptomatology. Specifically, no evidence of renal stone disease or appendicitis.
Left lower lobe pneumonia.
Partial small bowel obstruction with transition point in the lower mid abdomen. At the transition point is a short segment of bowel wall thickening, so underlying neoplasm, infection or inflammation otherwise possible etiologies. There is adjacent small ascites, which may represent bowel injury in the setting of obstruction. 
1.	No evidence of appendicitis or diverticulitis.2.	Diverticulosis affecting the cecum, ascending colon, and sigmoid colon.3.	High density region dorsal to cecum of doubtful clinical significance as discussed above.Findings discussed with the emergency department by the radiology resident on call.
Osteoarthritis of both hands. No specific features of inflammatory arthritis.
1.No abnormality of the small bowel or colon. Specifically, normal terminal ileum.2.Benign-appearing cystic lesion in the spleen, probably a lymphangioma.
1.	Unremarkable head CT.2.	No evidence of a mass or pathologic lymphadenopathy in the neck.3.	Please refer to dedicated chest CT report for pulmonary findings.
1.	Large bilateral (right greater than left) CSF subdural collection since prior exam as detailed.2.	Smaller lateral ventricles since prior exam.3.	No change in the position of EVD.4.	Very thin bilateral CSF subdural collection along the falx.  A5.	Sunken anterior fontanelle.6.	Stable small parenchymal calcification on the right.7.	No evidence of parenchymal hemorrhage or edema.   
1. Severe cardiomegaly and findings compatible with improving pulmonary edema.2. New right internal jugular central venous catheter tip projects over the distal SVC.
Bilateral multifocal lung opacities and the differential diagnoses include pulmonary edema, hemorrhage, infection and aspiration.
1.  No acute intracranial hemorrhage.  Moderate age-indeterminate small vessel ischemic changes.2.  No acute fracture or subluxation.  Mild to moderate subglottic changes the cervical spine as detailed above, with at least moderate central spinal canal stenosis at C5-C6 and bilateral foraminal narrowing at C6-C7.3.  Incidental tiny left thyroid lesion. Correlation with thyroid function tests is recommended and thyroid ultrasound may be obtained as clinically indicated.
Persistent bilateral pleural effusions with suspected dependent compressive atelectasis, however pulmonary opacities are nonspecific
1.	Almost complete opacification of the paranasal sinuses similar in appearance compared to prior examination except for slightly improved aeration in the right frontal sinus.  2.	Hyperdense material is seen in the sinuses which may represent inspissated mucus or fungal elements3.	Bony overgrowth in the left maxillary ridge is only partially seen.
Cardiomegaly with mild edema. Left PICC, tip in the SVC.
1. Enlarged uterus with nonspecific masses could be the etiology of the patient's pain.2. Nonspecific liver lesion may represent focal fat versus adenoma versus focal nodular hyperplasia. Recommend further evaluation with ultrasound provided the patient does not have chronic liver disease.
Disorganized, mildly distended and nonspecific abdominal gas pattern.
1.Right upper lobe reference nodule without significant interval change. Small increasing adjacent satellite nodule cannot be adequately evaluated due to interval placement of fiduciary markers producing streak artifacts.2.No new suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.3.Stable small loculated right pleural effusion and pleural thickening.4.Severe upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema.
No dual chamber RV. Status post TOF repair with intact ventricular septum. Small left to right interatrial shunt through the foramen ovale. Pulmonary valve not seen. Mild left PA stenosis at origin and moderate right PA stenosis. No peripheral PA stenoses. Four chamber cardiomegaly with two AV valves and prominent atrial appendages. RV hypertrophy and thickened IV septum. This interpretation was performed jointly with Dr. David Yousefzadeh. 
Pulmonary nodules more fully evaluated on recent CT without new acute abnormality.
Chronic or recurrent intussusception involving jejunum in the left abdomen. It was seen in a similar location on the CT of 3/20/2016 but was not seen on the MR of 3/31/2016.Gallbladder sludge without evidence of biliary dilatation or signs of cholecystitis.Right pleural effusion.
1. No specific evidence of metastatic disease.2. Interval resolution of the left lower lobe nodular opacities.
Slight increase in size of left paraaortic mass.  Persistent obstruction left ureter with a weak nephrogram and marked hydronephrosis.  Stable punctate hypodensity in liver and stable punctate lung nodules are nonspecific. Gallstones. T. Wade, RN,  pager 9728 informed of these findings at the time of this report.
1.Right frontal lobe focus of encephalomalacia is related to a cerebral infarction from last May.2.Chronic lacunar infarction at the left internal capsule related to a prior hemorrhage.3.Periventricular and subcortical white matter changes of a mild degree are nonspecific. At this age they are most likely vascular related. 4.CT is insensitive for the early detection of acute nonhemorrhagic cerebral infarction.
Large medial thigh collection compatible with a hematoma that appear to be associated with a prominent venous varix in the subcutaneous fat.
1.	No pulmonary embolus or any other acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.2.	Status post splenectomy, with small amount of retroperitoneal fluid in the left upper quadrant that is presumably postsurgical in nature.
1.	Bilateral ischiorectal abscesses with associated cellulitis and pelvic adenopathy.2.	Bilateral cystic adnexal lesions, recommend transvaginal ultrasound.
No evidence of cord compression or epidural abscess.Mild multilevel lumbar degenerative changes, most pronounced at L4-5 with mild left neural foraminal narrowing.
Mild to moderate osteoarthritis
Slight interval increase in size of right paratracheal and left periaortic lymph node measurements.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Stable spondylolysis of L5 without spondylolisthesis.
1.The exam is markedly limited due to x-ray attenuation from the patient's large body habitus. There is no obvious fracture or subluxation appreciated in the lumbar spine or in the thoracic spine. Please note that more subtle lesion such as a mass within the thecal sac or a less obvious disc protrusion may be masked as a result of x-ray attenuation.2.The cervical spine is not entirely imaged on this exam, however, findings raise the question of degenerative changes in the lower cervical spine with associated spinal stenosis. Please correlate with the patient's clinical symptoms.3.The thyroid gland, to the extent of visualization, appears to be fairly large. Please correlate with clinical history and symptoms.
Stable exam without evidence of metastatic disease.
1.Full evaluation is complicated by an incomplete exam and motion degradation. Within these limitations, there is a combination of treated metastatic disease in the cervical spine which appears grossly similar to the counting sequence on the prior thoracic MRI. 2.No change in the mild chronic compression fracture involving the T3 vertebral body compared to the recent prior MRI of the thoracic spine from 7/6/2016.3.Multilevel spondylotic changes of the cervical spine without high grade spinal canal stenosis and up to moderate to severe neuroforaminal narrowing involving C4-5 and C6-7 levels as described above.
Reference pulmonary nodules are stable. Additional nonreference pulmonary nodules are either stable or smaller in size. No new nodule or interval pleural effusion.
Status post ventricular shunt catheter change with no evidence of complication.
1.  Enlarging left upper lobe mass.  Associated radiation pneumonitis.2.  Decreasing right inferior bronchial lymph node conglomerate.3.  Stable right upper lobe cavitary lesions.
There is a small fluid collection concerning for possible abscess versus bursitis in the right pelvis adjacent to the ischium.Dr. Levanthal informed by phone conversation 5pm.
No specific evidence of infection or edema
Severe osteoarthritis of the bilateral knees.
Postoperative findings in the left neck without evidence of measurable mass lesions or significant cervical lymphadenopathy 
Large right pleural effusion and bibasilar atelectasis.
1. Moderate circumferential mucosal thickening of the maxillary sinuses with obscuration of the left ostiomeatal complex.  2. Mild mucosal thickening of the ethmoid air cells and right sphenoid sinus. Patent sphenoethmoidal recesses.
1.	Slight decrease in the size of the reference hepatic lesion.
1.Postsurgical changes of anterior interbody and posterior fusion from L1 to S1. Bilateral L1 screws and the right L2 screw appear to have pulled back with lucency noted about the screws. These findings are stable in appearance. 2.Stable interbody fusion compared to prior.3.Disc level specific findings are as described in detail above and are unchanged in appearance.
Negative head CT.
Retrocardiac opacity represents hiatal hernia seen on previous chest radiographs. No specific evidence of pneumonia.
Gastric emptying appears significantly delayed.
New intubation, the ET tube tip 4 cm above the carina. No other change.
No cervical spine fracture or subluxation.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema. CT is insensitive for the early detection of acute nonhemorrhagic cerebral infarction.2.Periventricular and subcortical white matter changes of a mild degree are nonspecific. At this age they are most likely vascular related. They were also present on the prior exam and have not changed substantially, however, since 2003 have progressed.
Support devices unchanged. Stable cardiopulmonary appearance.
1.	No new lymphadenopathy in the chest, abdomen or pelvis. Stable anterior mediastinal soft tissue which like represents treated disease.
1.Right multifocal pneumonia with no specific evidence of a mass. 2.Bilateral small pleural effusions, right greater than left.3.Severe coronary artery calcification.
No interval change since the recent previous examination.
Stable metastatic disease, reference measurements as above.
New stent in place.  Slight decrease in size of retroperitoneal and mesenteric nodes.  Hepatic lesions as measured above.  Biliary stent in place with mild biliary dilatation right lobe.
Stable right cervical, supraclavicular, and paratracheal lymphadenopathy. See same day CT chest for additional findings. There is mediastinal mass present.
Enteric tube and additional findings as above.
Slight interval increase in several osseous foci felt to represent metastatic disease as detailed above, `with improvement in the appearance of foci in the distal left femur and left tibia. No new suspicious osseous foci are identified. 
1.There is no brain abnormality.2.There is extensive subcutaneous and subcutaneous nodularity, compatible with neurofibromatosis type I.
Airway hyperreactivity.
Possible sinusitis without evidence of acute intracranial abnormality.
No evidence of complication after limb salvage.
1.	Total Calcium score was 19; 34th percentile for age and gender.This portion of the report pertains to the heart and great vessels only.  The remaining soft tissues of the thorax and upper abdomen will be interpreted by the attending chest radiologist and included as an addendum to this report.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram. 
Findings are compatible with brain tumor. A brain MRI or any outside exam is suggested for further evaluation. 
No evidence of pulmonary embolus.  Findings suggestive of ARDS with increasing ground glass airspace opacities, consistent with edema, less likely hemorrhage or infection. 
1. Interval resolution of pneumomediastinum and pneumothoraces.2. Stable mediastinal lymphadenopathy.3. Tracheal, bronchial debris with areas of aspiration, atelectasis and scarring.4. Paraseptal and centrilobular emphysema5. No evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.
1. No significant interval change in size of the numerous pulmonary metastasis, however the lesions have become more solid.2. Interval development of a hypoattenuating lesion within the liver, likely metastatic focus.3. Slight interval increased size of spiculated pelvic mass and increase in size and conspicuity of the numerous perirectal nodes.4. Wall thickening of the distal rectosigmoid colon, not significantly changed.4. Cholelithiasis. 
Normal examination.
No acute intracranial abnormality. Please note that CT is insensitive for the detection of acute nonhemorrhagic ischemic event. If there is continued clinical concern, MRI of the brain is recommended.
No pulmonary embolism.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities identified without interval change. 
Interval decrease in mediastinal lymph nodes and right middle lobe soft tissue masses as described above.
Basilar opacities suggestive of infection or aspiration, although given the history of rheumatoid consideration should be given to underlying fibrosis. If this does not resolve promptly, CT is recommended for further characterization.
1.Large left fronto-temporal intra-axial lesion with significant surrounding edema and mass effect, unchanged since the prior scan.2.Expected postsurgical findings of a left frontal biopsy without intracranial hemorrhage or other gross acute change.
No evidence of pulmonary embolus to the main and segmental pulmonary arteries.
1. Right axillary and supraclavicular lymphadenopathy, nonspecific, please correlate with recent mammogram.2. No evidence of dissection or intramural hematoma. Unchanged abdominal aortic aneurysm with evidence of old intraluminal thrombosis.3. Small ductus diverticulum of the aortic arch.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage, mass, or cerebral edema.
Interval placement of a frontal catheter coursing through a frontal arachnoid cyst. Stable previously placed catheters and ventricular size. No acute finding. 
Bibasilar opacity with small pleural effusions certainly consistent with pneumonia and/or aspiration.
Interval decrease in osteoblastic activity of existing metastatic foci with no new foci of metastatic disease.
1. T12 to L2 level vertebral column and left side paraspinal space soft tissue mass, There is effacement of epidural space from middle of T12 to middle of L2 level. However, it is difficult to assess the severity of the spinal canal stenosis and possible spinal cord compression since there is lack of contrast difference between the mass and the cord.  A MR study is better to assess for possible cord compression. 2. Free air is found in the spinal canal as well as right side posterior paraspinal soft tissue at the lumbosacral region, which is new since prior imaging exam. Correlate with clinical history.3. Degenerative change of the lumbar spine as detailed above.4. Left renal mass and retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy.
Right IJ line terminates near the cavoatrial junction. Endotracheal tube cannot be assessed due to overlying spinal fusion hardware. No pneumothorax. Diffuse right-sided pleural parenchymal opacities again noted. Basilar pleuroparenchymal opacities in the left hemithorax, not substantially changed. 
Limited examination given the lactational changes in both breast. Within these limitations, no MRI evidence for malignancy. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Routine Screening Mammogram.
Reactive airway disease pattern without evidence of infection.
1.	Hypodense lesions in the left pelvis are nonspecific and may represent one septated structure or two abutting structures.  Consider follow up with pelvic ultrasound.2.	An enlarged right retroperitoneal lymph node, lateral to the distal IVC.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are identified. No specific evidence of infection.
Normal chest radiograph.
No change in metastatic disease with largest nodule in the left upper lobe.
1. Patchy lower lobe airspace opacities with small pleural effusions, correlate for infection/aspiration.  2. Pericardial thickening, may suggest pericarditis. 3. Mediastinal adenopathy.4. No evidence of acute intra-abdominal process. Resolution of colitis.  
1.Cholelithiasis without sonographic findings of acute cholecystitis.
1. Stable/smaller lobulated cystic lesion arising from the body of the pancreas as compared to previous study from 3/24/06.2. Interval increase in size of abdominal aortic aneurysm now measuring 5 cm in diameter.
1. No evidence of mesothelioma in the pelvis. Please refer to concurrent CT of the chest and abdomen for further characterization. 2. Mildly enlarged prostate. 
Multiple pulmonary metastases which have not significantly changed in number or size compared to exam dated 3/9/11.
Large mass centered within the right vastus lateralis muscle compatible with provided history of sarcoma. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are identified.
Comminuted fracture through the distal right humeral diaphysis, appearing similar to prior.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No specific evidence of tuberculosis as clinically questioned.
Moderate left-sided pneumothorax presumably related to bullous emphysema. Probable large hiatal hernia. This can be reassessed on PA and lateral chest radiograph.
Findings consistent with history of prior tuberculosis infection, with no specific findings that suggest active disease.  
Stable groundglass nodule in the right middle lobe. Continued follow-up in 12 months is recommended.
1.	No evidence of acute PE.2.	Nonspecific 5-mm pulmonary nodule in the left lower lobe.  In the presence of significant risk factors, a follow-up in 6 to 12 months is recommended.  Otherwise, follow-up in 12 months can be obtained.  These findings were relayed to the emergency department via the STAT consult system at the time of dictation.  
1. Mild hepatic steatosis.2. Cholelithiasis without evidence of acute cholecystitis. Common bile duct is not dilated without evidence of any sludge or stones within it. If clinically warranted, MRCP can be performed for thorough evaluation of the common bile duct.
Airway hyperreactivity/bronchiolitis pattern.
1.	No evidence of acute intracranial findings.2.	Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age and only in the periventricular and subcortical white matter of cerebral hemispheres is present.
1.No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage, mass, or acute infarct. 2.Mild scattered white matter lesions are nonspecific and unchanged.3.Mild degenerative spondylosis, but no abnormality in the cervical spinal cord.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
No pulmonary embolism.  SVC obstruction with extensive collateralization.Findings compatible with recurrent lung cancer and distant metastases.
No acute intracranial abnormality or calvarial fracture. 
Given the clinical history, findings very suspicious for hardware loosening specifically of the tibial component of the left total knee arthroplasty device. Infection is conceivable but less likely; if there is clinical concern for an infected prosthesis, dual-isotope scanning with labeled white blood cell and sulfur colloid can be obtained.
1.  Stable prominent bifrontal- right temporal hemorrhagic contusions with subarachnoid, subdural, and intraventricular extension and associated mass effect in the right cerebral hemisphere.2.  Stable post-surgical changes status post decompressive right hemicraniectomy with mild herniation of the intracranial compartment as described.3. Multiple skull base and maxillofacial fractures.4. No evidence of cervical spine fracture or subluxation.
No evidence of temporal bone mass or otomastoiditis.
Unchanged left Pleurx catheter
Expected post-operative findings related to resection of a hemorrhagic left frontal lobe lesion, with residual blood products in the surgical cavity. There is unchanged surrounding edema and resultant similar midline shift. Followup imaging recommended to assess for residual enhancing tumor.
Soft tissue laceration over the forehead.  No evidence of calvarial fracture or intracranial abnormality.
Unchanged pulmonary micronodules and diffuse osseous lesions.
1. Interval decrease in size of reference anterior mediastinal mass with no evidence of invasion or thrombosis of any of the great vessels of the neck. 2. New moderate sized right pleural effusion with basilar atelectasis3. New groundglass opacities with bronchiectasis and scarring in the left apex and lingula, which may be infectious or inflammatory in etiology. 4. T 11 metastatic involvement with compression deformity.5. Mild anasarca. 
1. Technically inadequate study for evaluation for pulmonary embolus due to extensive motion and mixing artifact. PE cannot be ruled out by this exam.2. Persistent findings consistent with the patient's known history of scleroderma related interstitial lung disease. Interval resolution of the previously described pleural effusions.3. Nonspecific subcarinal lymphadenopathy, appearing similar to the prior study dating back to 5/28/2008.4. Marketed enlargement of the right atrium and coronary veins with reflux of contrast material into the hepatic veins, compatible with elevated right heart pressures. Consider further evaluation with echocardiogram.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Indeterminate.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
Lower extremity PICC tip at the tricuspid valve.
1.  New large left anterior abdominal wall fluid collection, suspicious for abscess or hematoma.2.  New bilateral pleural effusions and lower lobe atelectasis..3.  No other significant interval change since the 9/15/2011 exam. 
1.  Colon wall thickening suggesting nonspecific colitis.  Differential includes infectious and inflammatory etiologies.  2.  Normal-appearing appendix.
No significant abnormality without interval change.
1.	Minimal chronic sinus disease as detailed.2.	Large old healed blowout fracture of the lamina papyracea on the left as detailed.
Stable postsurgical findings within the right lung.  No evidence for acute or metastatic process.
Limited exam due to lack of intravenous contrast, however no evidence of metastatic disease or tumor recurrence.
Normal noncontrast CT examination of the head.
1.Several small loculated fluid collections as above.2.No fluid around the large drain.3.Stable adenopathy measured on recent prior CT.4.Other findings as above.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. The patient's left breast pain/tenderness should be managed clinically. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.  Nonspecific areas of low-attenuation in the white matter bilaterally; this could be artifactual, however if there is clinical suspicion of ischemia, MRI is recommended for further evaluation.2.  Air/fluid level in sphenoid sinus suggestive of sinusitis.
1.Mass that appears to be arising from the sigmoid colon with invasion into the bladder, to the uterus, and anterior abdominal wall. Enlarged pelvic lymph nodes.2.Mass in the left kidney most compatible with renal cell carcinoma with small retroperitoneal lymph nodes without evidence of renal vein invasion.
Persistent ileus. No free air.
Streaky bibasilar opacities compatible with patient's basilar predominant interstitial lung disease, which was described on the recent CT chest.
Mottled lucencies in the proximal femur may be secondary to disuse or represent lymphomatous involvement, but there is no evidence of frank bone destruction or pathologic fracture.
1.Chondrocalcinosis and mild osteoarthritis of the wrist as described above. I see no fracture.2.Mild osteoarthritis and elevation of the distal humeral fat pads indicating synovitis/joint effusion. While I see no fracture, the possibility of a hemarthrosis due to an occult fracture, typically of the radial head, may be considered if there is a history of trauma. If there is strong clinical concern for fracture, repeat radiographs may be obtained in 7 to 14 days.
Normal examination.
Postsurgical right upper lobectomy changes and improved expansion and re-aeration of the remaining right lung
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1.  Enlarging omental nodules consistent with progression of disease.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality or evidence of infection.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
Persistent patchy left basilar opacity. Focal opacity in the mid aspect the right lung, unchanged. No new focal pleural parenchymal opacity. 
1.Mildly thickened terminal ileum without significant inflammatory changes. No areas of active Crohn's disease.2.Free fluid in the pelvis is a nonspecific marker of inflammation.
Right jugular catheter, tip in SVC. No reliable evidence of pneumonia.
1. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage. No calvarial fracture.2. No maxillofacial fractures. Minimal left periorbital soft tissue swelling without orbital fracture.3. Left nasal bone fracture as well as diastasis of right nasomaxillary suture, related to chronic fracture.
Mild osteoarthritis affects the basilar joint, but we see no fracture.
Mild interstitial abnormalities, presumably chronic, without superimposed acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 
Mild pulmonary edema unchanged.
Osteoarthritis and diffuse soft tissue swelling about the hand but no specific radiographic features of osteomyelitis. These findings were communicated to Dr. Bhalla via text page at the time of dictation. 
1. Multifocal bilateral ground glass opacities which are nonspecific but suggestive of pulmonary hemorrhage in the clinical setting of blood per endotracheal tube.  Other differential considerations for this appearance include atypical edema, drug reaction, and infection which are considered less likely.2.  Bibasilar atelectasis and small bilateral pleural effusions.
1.  Pancreatic mass with local direct extension and occlusion of portal vein with minimal change since prior examination.  2.  Two nonspecific small cystic lesions in body and tail of pancreas unchanged.  3.  Presumed simple cysts in liver unchanged.  4.  Stent in biliary tract with air in bile ducts indicating patency.  5.  Change in appearance of gallbladder with heterogeneous wall thickening and potentially sloughed mucosa.Findings were discussed by telephone with ordering provider nurse Dawn Brooks at 1 p.m.
1. No evidence of fracture or malalignment of the thoracolumbar spine or right shoulder.2. Moderate degenerative disc disease of L5-S1.
1. No evidence of pulmonary embolism. No evidence of pneumonia or pulmonary edema to account for the patient's symptoms. 2. Moderate to severe atherosclerotic calcification of the visualized abdominal aorta with eccentric intraluminal thrombus. 3. No significant interval change compared to 4/15/2016.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
Normal hepatobiliary imaging. No evidence of acute or chronic cholecystitis.
1.  No evidence of mass or intracranial abscess.2.  Vague subtle hypodensity in left internal capsule is of questionable clinical significance.  This may be artifactual, but if there is clinical concern of white matter disease or small lacunar infarct, MRI brain can be considered for further evaluation.
Bilateral chest tubes in place with a residual subpulmonic pneumothorax on the right. The side port of the left chest tube may be in the soft tissues of the superior left hemi-thorax.
Stable immediate changes from known mesothelioma, and reference measurements above.  New minimal abdominal ascites and small left pleural effusion
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Negative head CT.  
Basilar opacities suspicious for pneumonia.
Expected postsurgical changes of repeat bilateral laser ablation of the anterior limbs of the internal capsules with areas of enhancement and restricted diffusion.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography.
1.No discrete findings to suggest aspiration.2.Mild mosaic attenuation is identified, particularly involving the right lower lobe suggesting an element of air-trapping and small airway disease. Correlate with concern for bronchiolitis obliterans and asthma.3.Few nonspecific pulmonary nodules measuring up to 4 mm as described above. Recommend low-dose unenhanced CT chest imaging in 12 months to assess for interval changes if the patient is considered high risk for primary lung malignancy. Otherwise, no further follow-up is needed. (H MacMahon, Guidelines for management of small pulmonary nodules detected on CT scans: A statement from the Fleischner Society, Radiology 237: 395-400 2005.)
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality, no evidence of pneumonia.
Interval increase in size of the moderate left pneumothorax, now moderate to large and with a new apical, lateral and basilar components.Notification: Emergent findings were communicated to Dr. Wang by Dr. Bueno at 2:20 PM on 9/2/2016.
1.	Multiple lesions are identified scattered in both hemispheres of the brain and suspected possibly in the cerebellum.  If there is clinical indication to specifically identify additional lesions and fuller extent of the brain involvement MRI of the brain would be useful in that case.  There is associated vasogenic edema associated with some of the larger ones.2.	Periventricular and subcortical white matter changes of a mild degree are nonspecific. At this age they are most likely vascular related. 
Continued hazy lung opacity. Almost no bowel gas.
Normal appearance of the forearms.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
No evidence of traumatic injury in the abdomen or pelvis.
No abnormal radiographic findings to suggest pneumonia, considering the limitations of a single AP projection.
1.  New basilar bronchial wall thickening and a few scattered nodular opacities not quite typical for a fungal infection but could represent a viral infection or, less likely, GVHD.2.  Hyperattenuation of the liver is nonspecific, but can reflect multiple transfusions.3.  Probable anemia.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
No abnormalities to account for the patient's symptoms.
Proximal radial ulnar synostosis as above
No acute intracranial abnormality, but there is evidence of small vessel disease of indeterminate age.  If clinical suspicion for acute CVA remains high, MRI may be obtained for further evaluation.
Basilar atelectasis but no specific evidence of pneumonia.
Normal examination.
1. Moderate tortuosity of the abdominal aorta. Patent arterial vasculature with reference measurements listed above. Atherosclerotic calcifications causing stenosis at the origins of the celiac axis, SMA, and left renal artery.2. Ill-defined patchy enhancement seen in posterior hepatic segment 7 could represent a perfusional anomaly, and at least one additional similar smaller focus is also seen in the lateral right hepatic lobe. Further characterization is limited on this single phase arterial exam.
Hazy lung opacities are seen bilaterally unchanged.
Greenstick fracture of the right mid clavicle in near-anatomic alignment.
No specific evidence of pulmonary metastases.  Punctate low attenuation lesion in the pancreatic tail too small to accurately characterize, possibly a small IPMT or cyst.
1. Normal coronary origins.2. No obvious coronary artery disease.This portion of the report pertains to the heart and great vessels only.  The remaining soft tissues of the thorax and upper abdomen will be interpreted by the attending chest radiologist and included as an addendum to this report.
Normal shoulder MR without evidence of glenoid labral tear.
Normal examination. 
1.Large sized small bowel containing ventral hernia as detailed above with fluid within the hernia sac which raises concern for ischemia. Mildly distended proximal small bowel loops with collapsed distal bowel loops compatible with at least low-grade obstruction.2.Additional fat-containing smaller ventral hernia as detailed above.3.Incompletely characterized left adrenal nodule.
Findings suggestive of mild pulmonary edema.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Normal temporal bone CT. Specifically, no CT findings to explain the patient's hearing loss.
1. Occlusions of the right internal carotid artery and bilateral vertebral arteries related to proximal occlusion appear to be unchanged since 2005, a high-grade stenosis of the basilar artery appears to be new since 2005.2. A wide-neck outpouching along the inferolateral aspect of the left cavernous carotid artery that measures up to approximately 5 mm likely represents an aneurysm. 3. Chronic right parieto-occipital region infarct.
1. Widespread angiosarcoma of the right scalp right lateral face, with apparent infiltration of the right parotid gland, but no gross invasion of the underlying skull.2. RIght level 2B lymphadenopathy is consistent with metastatic disease, with probable metastatic involvement of smaller right lower level 2B, inferior parotid, and supraclavicular lymph nodes as well.3. No evidence of intracranial metastases. 4. Probable late subacute lacunar infarcts involving the right thalamocapsular region and left lateral thalamus superimposed upon a background of chronic lacunar infarcts involving the right external capsule, left caudate head, and left cerebellar hemisphere and chronic small vessel ischemic white matter disease.
1.Radiographic evidence suggestive of erosive osteoarthritis bilaterally, predominantly in the distal interphalangeal joints.2.Mild bilateral last arthritic changes and additional findings as described above.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
No significant change in bilateral pulmonary opacities. Support devices stable.
Normal facial/sinus CT.
1. No evidence of residual measurable tumor in the right maxillary sinus surgical site.2. No evidence of intracranial metastases.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, right unilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
No evidence of bone metastases.
1.	There is thickening of the mucosal tissues within the larynx there the possibility that this represents recurrent tumor cannot be excluded. There is significant narrowing of the airway associated with this Please correlate with clinical findings on clinical exam.2.	No evidence for neck lymphadenopathy on the basis of CT size criteria for lymphadenopathy.  Lack of contrast administration may obscure subtle lymphadenopathy3.	No evidence for brain metastases.  Please note that noncontrast examinations are insensitive for the detection of brain metastases4.	There is partial opacification of the left maxillary sinus. The possibility of acute sinusitis cannot be excluded.5.	At the time of this dictation Denise Gamble was alphanumeric paged with the results and a call back number.
Mild bladder wall thickening. No hydronephrosis.*SFU grading system: Grade 0: No hydronephrosis. Grade 1: The renal pelvis is visualized. Grade 2: A few but not all of the calices are identified in addition to the renal pelvis. Grade 3: Virtually all the calices are seen. Grade 4: Grade 3 and parenchymal thinning. **SFU grading system retrovesical ureter: Grade 0: No ureteral dilatation. Grade 1: Ureter less than 7 mm. Grade 2: Ureter is 7-10 mm. Grade 3: Ureter is over 10 mm. Fernbach SK, Maizels M, Conway JJ. Ultrasound Grading of Hydronephrosis: Introduction to the System used by the Society for Fetal Urology. Pediatric Radiology (1993) 23: 478-480.***Rosenbaum DM, Korngold E, Teele RL. Sonographic Assessment of Renal Length in Normal Children. AJR Am J. Roentgenol (1984) 142:467-469
No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage. However, non-contrast CT is insensitive for the detection of non-hemorrhagic acute infarct.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography.
1.  Interval progression of bilateral interstitial abnormalities consistent with UIP.2.  Right upper lobe indeterminate nodule for which a follow-up scan is recommended in 4 to 6 months to confirm stability or growth.
1.  Minimal change in size of right axillary lymph node described above.  2.  Small micronodules some of which are calcified unchanged compatible with granulomatous changes seen.  3.  Diffuse mild bladder wall thickening unchanged.
1. Interval placement of a right frontal ventriculostomy catheter. 2. Unchanged ventriculomegaly. 3. Unchanged trace amount of intraventricular blood collections. No new hemorrhage. 4. Stable post-operative changes and redemonstration of a mass at the left petrous apex.5. Evolution of focal hemorrhage in the brainstem. 
Multiple new patchy opacities as noted above, most suspicious for an opportunistic infectious process.  Service contacted with these results.
Moderate colonic fecal burden. No evidence of bowel obstruction.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1. No evidence of acute pulmonary embolus to the subsegmental level.2. Bilateral pleural effusions with underlying atelectasis.3. Stable post-operative changes of the liver.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
Increasing interstitial opacities bilaterally suggestive of edema with new left midlung groundglass opacity which may be postprocedural in origin. No significant pneumothorax.
Right hemithorax mesothelioma involving the visceral pleura with reference measurements as above.  No conclusive evidence of contralateral pleural, chest wall or upper abdominal involvement.
Probable slowly growing mycetoma within a cystic space in the the left upper lobe. Continued imaging surveillance is suggested in 6 months or as per clinical protocol.No substantial change in fibrotic component of UIP pattern, left greater than right. Given the large degree of honeycombing out of proportion to other findings of pulmonary fibrosis, consider collagen vascular disease (especially rheumatoid arthritis) as an underlying cause for pulmonary fibrosis. Esophageal dilation also is suggestive of underlying collagen vascular disease. A substantial minority of patients with collagen vascular disease related interstitial lung disease will not initially demonstrate clinical findings consistent with a defined collagen vascular disease but may manifest these findings at a later date. Consider repeat rheumatological workup as clinically indicated.Increased consolidation within the left upper lobe which may represent aspiration, pneumonia, or organizing pneumonia related to the patient's underlying interstitial lung disease. Increased groundglass abnormality at the right lung base also likely reflects the same process. This can be reevaluated at the time of imaging follow-up.
Fracture of the fifth metacarpal neck with volar angulation of the distal fracture fragment.
1. Right apical cavitary lesion with nodularity is unchanged and consistent with mycobacterial infection, less likely malignancy. 2. Satellite nodules are again seen with a new satellite nodule anteromedial to the cavitary lesion.  While this is likely infectious, continued follow-up is recommended to exclude malignancy.3. Stable emphysema.
No evidence of bone metastases.
Dysplastic hip joints left greater than right.
Small joint effusion without evidence of acute fracture or malalignment.
Interval increase in size of the left hepatic lobe metastasis, as well as new liver metastasis.
1. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or skull fracture.2. Multilevel degenerative spondylosis, but no evidence evidence cervical spine fracture. 3. Nonspecific fluid within the left mastoid air cells.4. Nonspecific pannus and mild erosions at the dens.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.  Stable pulmonary nodules and right hilar lymphadenopathy compatible with metastatic disease2.  No measurable disease in the abdomen.
Prominent external occipital appearance, normal variant anatomy.
1.Chronic occlusion of the right internal carotid artery with distal reconstitution of the terminal ICA via the circle of Willis. 2.Chronic moderate (50%) stenosis of the proximal left internal carotid artery.3.At least moderate stenosis of the origin of the left vertebral artery.4.No additional steno-occlusive lesions identified within the head.5.Slight further interval decrease in size of residual ill-defined enhancing lesion at the right base of the tongue. No significant interval change in residual nonenlarged cervical lymph nodes. Partially imaged cavitary lung mass.
No evidence of infection or other findings to account for patient's symptoms.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Bronchiolitis pattern.
No significant abnormality. No specific evidence of infection or edema.
1.	Increase in size of the left lower lobe pulmonary mass.2.	No definite new lesions.  
1) Probable mild aspiration into right lower lobe.2) Left upper lobe pulmonary nodules. Recommend follow-up CT in 3-6 months for high risk patients. 
1.	Multiple hepatic lesions are identified consistent with hepatic metastases.  Two reference lesion as measured above.2.	Left lower quadrant colostomy with parastomal hernia containing loops of nonobstructed small bowel.3.	Presacral soft tissue density which likely represents postsurgical change from low anterior resection though we cannot exclude disease recurrence at this site without comparison exams.4.	Enlarged right external iliac lymph node.
1. Solid pulmonary nodules in lingula and left lower lobe compatible with metastases are not significantly changed compared to the most recent study, though they did slowly enlarge during 2011.  Sub-solid nodules left upper lobe remain suspicious for adenocarcinoma.2. Reference mediastinal lymph node, unchanged.
Interval increase in size of right adrenal gland mass and an incompletely visualized left buttock nodule. Left adrenal gland nodule appears unchanged since the 1/15/2016 study. Left lower lobe scarlike opacity is enlarging; the appearance is atypical for a metastatic lesion and more suggestive of evolving organizing pneumonia. If of clinical concern, PET scan may be obtained to help prove benignity. Otherwise, three-month CT follow-up recommended. Query history of radiation therapy to this area within the last 6 months.
1.No acute intracranial hemorrhage. Mild age-indeterminate small vessel ischemic changes. If there remains clinical concern for an acute ischemic event, MRI of the brain is recommended.2.Opacification of paranasal sinuses and mastoids as well as right middle ear, with bilateral sphenoid air-fluid levels. This likely relates to patient's intubated status, although clinical correlation is recommended.3.Areas of likely dependent scalp and facial soft tissue edema, clearly relating to patient's fluid status. However, given the relative increased density of the areas of deep scalp soft tissue thickening, please correlate clinically for possible subgaleal blood products if patient is anticoagulated.
Unchanged right pleural effusion and adjacent atelectasis.
No specific evidence of infection or edema
NJ courses at least into the proximal jejunum, tip is distal to caudal margin of film. Moderate bilateral pleural effusions and basilar opacities suggestive of atelectasis and/or aspiration.
Multinodular goiter with multiple nodules as described above. Increased size in the left dominant lower pole nodule, previously characterized as a colloid nodule on biopsy 5/23/2013.
No pulmonary embolus.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: No pulmonary embolus.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
1. Esophageal stricture at the midthoracic level measuring 3.6 cm in length and 3 mm at narrowest diameter.2. Moderate esophageal dysmotility with breakup of primary wave, proximal escape, and occasional tertiary waves.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
Bilateral pleural effusions and basilar atelectasis/consolidation, better evaluated on CT of the same date.
No specific findings to account for the patient's pain.
No pneumothorax.
Primary lung cancer with pulmonary metastatic disease. Reference measurements are provided above.
Normal
1.  Stable bilateral cerebral hemorrhage and edema.2.  No evidence of dural venous sinus thrombosis.  3.  Extensive pneumomediastinum.  New right pneumothorax.  Please correlate with chest imaging.4.  Subcutaneous emphysema in chest and neck.5.  Bilateral mastoid opacification is nonspecific, but mastoiditis cannot be excluded.
Bilateral upper lobe airspace opacities, which are questionably improved from recent CT dated 1/11/16. The differential includes drug reaction, atypical infection, organizing pneumonia. 
Development of pulmonary edema pattern.
1. No evidence of acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion of brain.2. No evidence of intracranial vascular lesion on this scan.3. Low lying cerebellar tonsils about 6mm through the foramen magnum. 4. Multifocal lesions with high signal intensity on T2, low or iso signal intensity on T1 with evidence of Gad enhancement on left anterior aspect of temporalis muscle, bilateral anterior aspect of tongue and anterior aspect of the right SCM muscle at the level of vocal cord indicating possible venous vascular malformation. 
Worsening right upper lobe atelectasis and decreased left lower lobe atelectasis.
1. Allowing for lack of intravenous contrast, stable examination without evidence of metastatic disease.  2. Postsurgical changes of left nephrectomy. 
Age indeterminate small vessel ischemic disease.  No definite acute intracranial abnormality.
Postsurgical changes at the C3-C4 disc space as detailed above.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality is visible by conventional radiograph.
Endotracheal tube tip is 4cm above the carina.
Fracture of the proximal phalanx of the great toe and other findings as described above.
1.	No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema.2.	  CT is insensitive for the early detection of non-hemorrhagic CVA.
Comminuted fracture of the humeral metadiaphysis with inferior subluxation of the humeral head without evidence of dislocation.
Slight interval increase in size of reference left upper lobe lung nodule; however, much of this increase in size is due to the increase in cavitation.  Otherwise, stable examination including bony metastatic foci.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
Cardiac enlargement, new pleural effusions, and pulmonary edema compatible with CHF/volume overload.
Mild soft tissue swelling over the right frontal bone with no evidence of underlying bony injury and no intracranial abnormality.
No significant cervical lymphadenopathy.  Overall, no significant interval change.
Incarcerate the left femoral hernia causing small bowel obstruction.Suggestion of right-sided femoral hernia without evidence of incarceration or obstruction.Left-sided renal cell carcinoma.
1.  Interval development of moderate right greater than left pleural effusions with associated atelectasis.2.  Interval decrease in air density in the superior mediastinum with stable edema and borderline lymphadenopathy.
1.  Multiple pulmonary masses demonstrate a slight decrease in size in comparison to the most recent examination dated 7/2/08.  In addition, there is increased central necrosis within the right upper lobe mass.2.  The mediastinal referenced lymph nodes are minimally decreased in size in comparison to previous examination.3.  The previously described right renal mass is not adequately evaluated on this examination.
Dobbhoff tube tip projects over the pyloric region.
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern. Large left pleural effusion.
NG tube tip overlies the GE junction, recommend advancement. Dobbhoff tube tip overlies the gastric body.Findings discussed with Dr. Clare Phelps p6666 on 11/23/16 at 8:34 AM.
Unchanged appearance of medial plate and screws of the proximal left tibia.
No evidence for renal stone or hydronephrosis.  Stable benign left renal angiomyolipoma.Interval increase in size of left adnexal soft tissue mass.  A neoplastic ovarian lesion cannot be excluded on this postmenopausal woman.  Correlation with GYN ultrasound or MR is suggested.
1.	Postoperative changes without evidence of acute tumor recurrence or spread.2.	Extensive dental disease including periapical lucencies likely representing abscesses, some of which are communicating with the maxillary sinuses.3.	Findings suggestive of sinusitis.
No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage or mass effect. Moderate small vessel ischemic disease which is likely chronic. Please note CT is insensitive for the detection of acute non-hemorrhagic infarcts, and MRI should be considered if there is continued clinical suspicion.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Multiple postsurgical findings with no acute change.
Healing right femoral diaphyseal fracture.
Interval casting of the Salter-Harris II fracture of the fifth proximal phalanx.
Very mild decreased perfusion in the left hemisphere mostly involving the temporoparietal region and slightly involving the left mid-temporal lobe following the left ICA ballon occlusion.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
Stable multiple lung nodules of up to 5 mm in diameter and right-sided pleural thickening.
1. Left retroareolar enhancing mass correlates with the sonographic finding. This will be biopsied after MRI today. No additional suspicious left breast enhancement on MRI. 2. Right breast mass for which MRI directed ultrasound is recommended. Differential considerations include fibroadenoma and mucinous carcinoma. If no correlate is seen, then MRI biopsy would be recommended. BIRADS: 4 - Suspicious Abnormality.RECOMMENDATION: T - Take Appropriate Action - No Letter.
1.Mild left hydronephrosis.
1. No significant interval change in innumerable pulmonary nodules, which are nonspecific but most consistent with sarcoidosis. 2. Postoperative and post therapy changes.
Orthopedic fixation of proximal femoral fracture as described above.
1.  No acute intracranial abnormality.  Chronic right cerebellar lacunar infarct with no definite CT abnormality to correspond to other foci of abnormal signal and diffusion restriction on subsequent MRI.2.  Unremarkable CTA of the head and neck.3.  Incidental note made of focal soft tissue prominence along the posterior nasopharynx which may represent hypertrophied lymphoid tissue within the adenoids with superimposed secretions.  Correlation with direct inspection is recommended to exclude a true mass lesion.
Interval decrease in the size of the retroperitoneal adenopathy centered around the left kidney.
Interval increase in size of multiple right lung nodules and increased nodularity and thickening along right apical and left upper lung resection scars; these findings are suspicious for recurrent metastatic disease.
Probable left-sided pulmonary contusion with small hemothorax. Multiple thoracic and pelvic fractures as described above. Limited cervical spine with C7 incompletely visualized.
1.  Subtle asymmetric enhancement at the right tonsillar region, likely related to sampling difference.  Please correlate with clinical examination and continue follow-up.  2.  No evidence of tumor recurrence or adenopathy in the neck.
Chronic interstitial abnormalities with no superimposed acute disease.
Multiple bilateral subcentimeter calcified and noncalcified pulmonary nodules.  Small intrathoracic lymph nodes.  Findings suggest postinflammatory nodules, likely due to healed granulomatous disease such as histoplasmosis.  However, given that some of the nodules do not exhibit calcification, a definitive benign diagnosis cannot be made on the imaging alone and follow up CT in 6 -12 months (or comparison with outside study) is recommended.  The nodules are likely too small for high yield PET or biopsy.
Interval decrease in size of right upper lobe nodule.  No evidence of metastatic disease.
Chronic basilar opacities, without acute infection or infarction.
ETT 4 cm above carina.
Progression of disease with interval development of a large mass infiltrating through the right masticator space with extension into the soft tissues of the right face.  Cutaneous and subcutaneous thickening extends as far superiorly as the right periorbital region.  This may reflect venous congestion, but the possibility of superficial tumor infiltration cannot be excluded.  Lytic change involving the right mandible has also substantially progressed.
1.	Findings suggestive of acute on chronic pancreatitis.  Small fluid collection in the pancreatic tail may represent abscess or pseudocyst.2.	Multiple non-obstructing renal calculus bilaterally.The above findings were communicated with the emergency department via the stat consult system.
Right lower lobe nodule is unchanged and no further CT follow up is recommended for this lesion.  No evidence of metastatic disease.
1.	Findings compatible with pulmonary hypertension. A single possible subsegmental pulmonary embolus is seen in the right lower lobe.2.	Moderate-sized right pleural effusion and a small left pleural effusion.3.	Moderate centrilobular emphysema. No CT evidence of intersitial lung disease.These findings were conveyed to Dr. Pasupneti at 9:30 a.m.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Normal examination.
Bronchiolitis/reactive airway disease pattern without evidence of pneumonia.
Bronchial wall thickening suggestive of asthma or chronic bronchitis, but no reliable evidence of acute pneumonia. Coronary chronic whatever
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.
No significant change in bilateral pulmonary opacities with cardiomegaly, findings compatible with pulmonary edema
ET tube in satisfactory position. Stable cardiopulmonary appearance with diffuse pulmonary opacities compatible with ARDS.
Pelvis and left femur fractures.
1.  Gallbladder wall thickening and pericholecystic fluid -- findings suggestive of cholecystitis.  Possible cystic duct stones.  These findings could be further evaluated with ultrasound or HIDA scan.2.  Indeterminate 1.2-centimeter soft tissue density nodule in the pelvic mesenteric fat.  Given the patient's history of pelvic malignancy, follow-up is recommended.
Mild symphysis pubis degenerative changes. No evidence of left hip fracture as clinically questioned.
No significant abnormality.
No evidence of pneumothorax, as clinically questioned.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Specifically, no evidence of infection. COPD.
1.Innumerable new bilateral pulmonary nodules, as above. Favor infectious etiology, particularly atypical mycobacterial or fungal infection. Metastases are considered far less likely.2.Cortical disruption of the right manubrium with suggestive of osteolysis and overlying soft tissue density with fat stranding, suggestive of soft tissue infection and osteomyelitis. Alternatively this could represent an osseous metastasis. 
Normal brain CT.
1. Expected findings related to laser ablation in the left medial temporal lobe.2. Unchanged numerous punctate foci of high T2 signal within the right parotid gland may represent sequela of an inflammatory process.
No significant abnormality.
New epidural spinal catheter in place terminating approximately at the level of T10.
No pneumothorax following left PICC placement which terminates in the right atrium.
1. No pneumothorax. The known left-sided rib fracture is not visible by chest technique due to limited sensitivity for detection of skeletal pathology.2. Apparent sclerosis of a lower thoracic spine posterior vertebral element; underlying pathology in an adult patient cannot be excluded. If outside rib films were performed to diagnose the fracture, these may be submitted for review if they can be obtained by the referring clinical service.3. Left cardiophrenic angle opacity most likely reflects atelectasis but is nonspecific. Follow-up PA and lateral chest radiographs in 6 weeks suggested to assess for resolution and exclude any underlying non-benign lesion.
Severe osteoarthritis of the left shoulder.
1.	Dilated left ventricular end-diastolic volume with preserved left ventricular systolic function.2.	Bileaflet mitral valve prolapse.3.	Normal coronary artery anatomy without significant coronary plaque. 4.  Dilated main and branch pulmonary arteries.This portion of the report pertains to the heart and great vessels only.  The remaining soft tissues of the thorax and upper abdomen will be interpreted by the attending chest radiologist and included as an addendum to this report.
Endotracheal tube, as above. Low lung volumes makes detailed cardiopulmonary assessment difficult. Apparent increase in diffuse pulmonary opacities, likely edema and/or hypoventilation.
1. No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage or mass effect. Please note CT is insensitive for the detection of acute non-hemorrhagic infarcts as well as small metastatic lesions, and MRI can be considered as clinically appropriate.2. Again seen are extensive areas of hypoattenuation in the periventricular and subcortical white matter which may be related to chronic small vessel ischemic disease and/or posttreatment changes.
Postoperative and degenerative changes and other findings as described above. I see no broken hardware.
No evidence of acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion.Nonspecific small vessel ischemic disease as described above.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.  BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Healing nondisplaced fracture of the distal radius.
No acute intracranial abnormality. 
1.Degenerative arthritic changes of the lumbar spine as above.2.Bilateral total knee arthroplasties as above.
Progression of disease with increase in size of mediastinal lymph nodes, spinal metastases, and liver lesions.  New pulmonary or pleural nodules.
1. Significant interval improvement in the degree of pulmonary edema.2. Residual basilar interstitial and airspace opacities with small effusions remain.
Interval development of pleural fluid and pulmonary opacities suspicious for infection, suggest correlation with thoracic CT.
No acute pulmonary abnormality.
Lack of IV contrast decreases sensitivity in the detection of lesions within solid organs.1.	Left renal hydronephrosis, appearing chronic with locally enlarged nodes.  Pyelonephritis cannot be excluded.  2.	Left nephroureteral stent in place.3.	Bilateral renal stones and large calculus within the bladder.4.	Hepatosplenomegaly.
No DVT or PE identified.  Probable CHF with medium bilateral pleural effusions.
No evidence of tarsal coalition.
No evidence of cholelithiasis or biliary duct dilatation. Gallbladder is normal in appearance.
Bilateral thyroid nodules without significant interval change.
1. No evidence of acute hemorrhagic lesion.2. Unchanged subacute to chronic ischemic infarcts involving bilateral frontal lobes since prior scan.
Expected postoperative findings from recent endoscopic transsphenoidal procedure. No frank intracranial hemorrhage or edema.Hyperattenuating soft tissue fullness in the sella with extension to the suprasellar cistern is nonspecific but may represent a mixture of blood products and/or surgical packing.
Suspected old chronic appearing change, however this basilar finding cannot be confirmed without serial imaging and/or priors for comparison. Consider follow-up imaging
Stable examination without evidence of metastatic disease.
1. Post-treatment findings in the neck with persistent infiltrating and necrotic mass in the left oral tongue and tongue base region, although assessment is limited by dental artifact.2. Left pharyngocutaneous fistula formation due to soft tissue necrosis with deficiency of soft tissue overlying the left hyoid bone, likely due to necrosis and perhaps superimposed infection or inflammation.3. No significant cervical lymphadenopathy.4. Extensive left carotid bifurcation plaque. A carotid ultrasound may be useful for further evaluation.5. No evidence of intracranial metastases.
No acute intracranial hemorrhage or mass-effect.  No focal parenchymal lesion or CT evidence of acute territorial ischemia though MRI would be more sensitive.
1. Interval increase in bibasilar reticulonodular consolidation with areas of tree-in-bud opacities. Again this is suggestive of aspiration and/or infection, however lymphangitic spread of tumor cannot be entirely excluded. Attention to this on follow-up imaging is recommended. New left pleural effusion.2. Reference lymphadenopathy appearing similar to the prior.
Surgical scarring within the soft tissues along the fibular head and other findings as described above. We see no evidence of residual or recurrent disease.
Focal asymmetry in the left breast. Additional imaging, including spot compression views and possible ultrasound, are recommended for further evaluation.BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: EB - Additional Mammo/Ultrasound Workup Required.
New complete whiteout of the left hemithorax, likely atelectasis.
1.	Multiple low-attenuation lesions with associated calcifications, waxing and waning in size.  These may represent cavernous malformations, or vascular spread of metastases.  Infection, such as cystercercosis for example, may have a similar appearance.2.	Focal osteolytic lesions in the frontal bone, unchanged since the prior examination
1. Interval increase in size of an indeterminate left renal lesion, which may be further evaluated with a contrast enhanced CT scan or MRI when feasible to exclude possibility of tumor.2. No evidence of new disease within the thorax.
1. Persistent upper pole grade 2/3 hydronephrosis of the left kidney. In conjunction with the VCUG results, findings raise the question of a duplex collecting system of the left kidney and possibly both kidneys. 2. Hydronephrosis of the right kidney has resolved.3. Debris present in the urinary bladder.*SFU grading system: Grade 0: No hydronephrosis. Grade 1: The renal pelvis is visualized. Grade 2: A few but not all of the calices are identified in addition to the renal pelvis. Grade 3: Virtually all the calices are seen. Grade 4: Grade 3 and parenchymal thinning. **SFU grading system retrovesical ureter: Grade 0: No ureteral dilatation. Grade 1: Ureter less than 7 mm. Grade 2: Ureter is 7-10 mm. Grade 3: Ureter is over 10 mm. Fernbach SK, Maizels M, Conway JJ. Ultrasound Grading of Hydronephrosis: Introduction to the System used by the Society for Fetal Urology. Pediatric Radiology (1993) 23: 478-480.***Rosenbaum DM, Korngold E, Teele RL. Sonographic Assessment of Renal Length in Normal Children. AJR Am J. Roentgenol (1984) 142:467-469
Mild progression of multilevel degenerative changes compared to 11/9/2012. There is a disc protrusion at the left L4-L5 level involving the left lateral recess and left neural foramen. There may be impingement of the exiting left L4 and descending left L5 nerve roots at this level. There is also mild to moderate left L5-S1 neural foraminal stenosis which is similar to prior. Please see details above.
Interval improvement in osseous metastases. No new abnormal osseous foci are identified.
Single micro-nodule unchanged.
Right-sided pneumothorax not significantly changed.
Cardiomegaly with large left and small right pleural effusions. Pulmonary opacities greater on the left compatible with acute chest syndrome.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Findings of a focal collection adjacent to the small bowel may represent a residual enterocutaneous fistula.  The soft tissue around this area is extensively thickened.  The collection does not definitely communicate with the skin surface.
Moderate osteoarthritis of the right knee.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality2. No evidence of cervical spine fracture or subluxation.
1.Small pleural effusions and left lower lobe consolidation. This may reflect atelectasis, but superimposed infection is not entirely excluded.2.Post surgical changes of recent lumbosacral spinal fixation. Low-density within the paraspinal musculature at this level is not significantly changed in size from the lumbar spine CT dated 09/17/2016, but with decreased foci of gas, and may represent an evolving hematoma.
No significant pneumothorax. Stable right pleural effusion with right-sided opacities becoming more diffuse.
Stable bilateral metastatic pulmonary nodules.  Stable paratracheal and cardiophrenic lymphadenopathy. No new lesions. 
1.No hydronephrosis.2.Cirrhosis with large varices..
No evidence of acute fracture.
Right lower lobe consolidation, compatible with pneumonia.
No significant abnormality. No evidence of metastases.
1.  Right anterior cervical (level IIa) lymphadenopathy with scattered small lymph nodes seen at multiple levels of the neck.  2.  Linear enhancement in the right frontal lobe as described above.  This may represent a vascular anomaly.  A contrast enhanced MRI of the brain is recommended for further characterization.
1. No mass effect, edema, midline shift, intra- or extra-axial fluid collection/acute hemorrhage. 2. Areas of hypoattenuation in the posterior right temporal lobe likely represent chronic/late subacute infarct. If there is clinical concern for acute infarct, MRI is recommended. 3. Patchy hypoattenuation in the periventricular white matter likely represents small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age.  
1.Hepatomegaly with coarse heterogeneous echotexture of the liver and nodular contour suggestive of cirrhosis.2.Hypoechoic region in the right dome of the liver. This is likely focal fatty sparing, but dedicated contrast-enhanced MRI can be obtained for more definitive characterization if clinically indicated.
Normal esophagram.
Hyperdense focus in the right lobe of the liver is most likely a hemangioma.  Suggest continued follow-up .1.	Subcentimeter nodule distal in the ileal conduit (slightly distal to anastomosis with left ureter) to the neobladder appears to have enlarged slightly compared to the most recent prior examination.  Given this finding was present on 10/2009 CT examination, its probably benign, possibly representing a mucosal fold.
No evidence of pneumonia.
1.  Significant interval improvement of multifocal patchy ground glass/airspace opacities which likely represent resolving atypical infection such as coccidiomycosis or histoplasmosis.  2.  Stable right upper lobe postsurgical changes without evidence of residual or recurrent tumor.
1.No evidence for local recurrence or neck lymphadenopathy on the basis of CT size criteria for lymphadenopathy.
Normal examination. 
Sponge markers overlie the right upper quadrant with large interval decrease in pneumoperitoneum. No other significant change from prior exam.
Total elbow arthroplasty in near anatomic alignment. First MCP fusion as described above.
No significant abnormalities. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
1. Stable appearance of diffuse skeletal metastases.2. Stable soft tissue thickening adjacent to the T7 and T9 vertebral bodies as described above,
Orthopedic fixation of the healed distal radial fracture. 
1. No nephrolithiasis or ureteral calculi.2. Incidentally seen heavily calcified left adnexal mass has nonspecific CT features. Gynecologic evaluation is recommended given that its stability cannot be established.
Stable marked supratentorial ventriculomegaly, but there is some subgaleal fluid overlying the right frontal burr hole raising possibility of abnormal CSF dynamics.  No acute intracranial hemorrhage.
1.	Partially obstructing 2-mm stone in the left distal ureter.2.	9-mm splenic artery pseudoaneurysm. Follow up is suggested.3.	Findings discussed with Dr. Bills in the Emergency Department by Dr.Thomas at the time of signature.
1. Moderate esophageal dysmotility, as detailed above.2. Focal spasm of the upper thoracic esophagus, which occurred only intermittently, but which caused the patient severe pain.3. Marked spontaneous gastroesophageal reflux.
Patent renal vessels. No hydronephrosis. No significant perinephric collection.
1.	Stable to decreased size of the reference lymph nodes throughout the chest abdomen and pelvis.  No new lesions.2.	Mild hepatomegaly and stable splenomegaly.
Stable postsurgical changes of the left breast and right axillary lymph nodes. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
1. Smoothly marginated stable small pulmonary nodules without interval change for 2 years, almost certainly benign. 2. Interval resolution of bilateral ground glass opacities.
Nonspecific mucosal thickening in bilateral ethmoid air cells and dependent maxillary sinuses without aggressive features.
1. Hepatic steatosis.2. No cholelithiasis or sonographic evidence of acute cholecystitis.3. Left renal cyst.
Colitis of the rectosigmoid, sigmoid, and distal descending colon as described.  Differential considerations include infectious and inflammatory etiologies.
No evidence of cervical lymphadenopathy is CT size criteria.
Marked increase in size of left-sided pneumothorax which subsequently has decreased in size on follow-up radiograph.
1.  No pulmonary embolus.2.  Increasing size of rib metastases and retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy.  Probable increase in size of multiple hepatic metastases.3.  Stable pulmonary nodules and vertebral body metastases.  Splenic lesion also likely stable.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Unchanged subclavian and mediastinal chest tubes removed
Left lung base opacity likely due to atelectasis with background of peribronchial thickening.
1.Severe esophageal motor abnormality, with delayed opening of the gastroesophageal junction raising the question of achalasia. Correlation with manometry is suggested.2.Small hiatal hernia.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
1.No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or mass effect. No calvarial fracture.2.Encephalomalacia within the right lateral inferior cerebellar hemisphere is stable compared to the CT from 12/10/2014 and likely represents a remote infarct. 3.Mild likely chronic small vessel ischemic disease and mild diffuse volume loss.
New right upper lobe focal opacity compatible with acute infection. See same day CT report.
1.At L4-L5 extensive degenerative changes results in central spinal stenosis, significant bilateral neural foraminal and lateral recess compromise.2.At L2-L3 degenerative changes results in mild central spinal stenosis and moderate right neural foraminal compromise.3.No spinal stenosis or significant neural foraminal compromise at any other level however degenerative changes are present as detailed per level above.4.Normal signal intensity and caliber of the lower most visualized thoracic cord, conus and the cauda equina.
1.Since previous exam, the patient's lateral ventricles and third ventricle have decreased in size with compensatory enlargement of the dural venous sinuses. The patient is status post ventriculostomy tube placement.
Mild osteoarthritis without fracture.
No significant abnormalities. 
No evidence of extracranial shunt malfunction.
Multiple bilateral acute pulmonary without evidence of right heart strain. Bilateral atelectasis with area of focal pulmonary hemorrhage in the right lower lobe.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Positive.Chronicity: Acute.Multiplicity: Multiple.Most Proximal: Subsegmental.RV Strain: Negative. 
Continued lung opacities and right pleural effusion.
"1.Comminuted fractures through the bases of the second through fourth metatarsals with associated widening of the space between the first and second metatarsals, compatible with a divergent type Lisfranc injury.2.Fractures through the distal fibula, medial malleolus, and ""posterior malleolus"" as described above."
1.	There is occlusion/near occlusion of the distal right internal carotid artery and proximal right A1 and M1 segments most likely due to thromboembolic event.2.	Findings are compatible with evolving infarction involving the right middle cerebral artery territory at the insular cortex and extending towards the right frontal lobe.3.	There is a large perfusion mismatch present with significant decrease in perfusion involving most of the right middle cerebral artery territory but worse along the right inferior frontal lobe and the right anterior/superior temporal lobe and right basal ganglia and insular cortex . The infarcted area is best depicted on the CT scan which continues to evolve based on comparison studies.4.	small focus of encephalomalacia is present along the left insular cortex which is very subtle related to prior infarction identified on MRI 6/24/12
Normal examination.
1.	The left ICA is shows reduced calibre from C2 level to its terminus portion with cross flow seen in the left MCA. 2.	Likely intraluminal thrombus is seen in the extracranial left ICA.3.	Mild narrowing of the proximal A1 is seen bilaterally. 4.	Diffuse atherosclerotic change in the peripheral MCA branches.5.	Extensive encephalomalacia in the left cerebral hemisphere. 6.	Lacunes are seen in the left hemipons and left cerebellum.7.	No acute intracranial abnormality.  8.	CT is insensitive in early ischemia/infarct.  
1. Abnormal brain perfusion with low cerebral blood volume in the right frontal lobe correlating with patient's progressing acute infarct.2. No new areas of ischemia or infarction in the remaining cerebral and cerebellar hemispheres.3. Anterior communicating artery aneurysm measuring 3.2 mm in diameter4.  Calcified atherosclerosis in the V4 segment of the right vertebral artery and cavernous/supraclinoid segments of bilateral internal carotid arteries resulting in approximately 50% stenoses
Upper lobe predominant nodules with associated lymphadenopathy consistent with known sarcoidosis. No evidence of significant fibrosis.
Bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar opacities likely reflecting atelectasis and edema.
Biopsy proven right breast cancer with multiple additional enhancing masses within the right breast and the right anterior chest wall musculature. The overall extent of masses, inclusive of the mass suspicious for pectoralis involvement is up to 6.2 cm. Presumed biopsy related non-mass enhancement is a limitation of this study compared to the recent MRI exam. BIRADS: 6 - Known cancer.RECOMMENDATION: T - Take Appropriate Action - No Letter.
1.Stable posttreatment findings without evidence of recurrent tumor or significant cervical lymphadenopathy.2.Please refer to accompanying dedicated CT chest report for further details.
1.Cellulitis, but we see no specific imaging findings of necrotizing fasciitis.2.Deep venous thrombosis, which could be better evaluated with ultrasound.
Fluid collection adjacent to the gallbladder fundus with adjacent inflammatory changes, highly worrisome for complicated cholecystitis or perforated gallbladder.This finding was reported to and acknowledged by Dr. Gassemieh at 5:40 pm.
Small right pleural effusion, low lung volumes, and bronchial cuffing compatible with airway hyperactivity/bronchiolitis.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
Bone contusions within the talar dome and posterior tibial plafond as described above.
Osteoarthritis of the feet as described above.
1.Since the prior exam there appears to be some dural involvement involving the dural sleeves of the optic nerves bilaterally. 2.Since the prior examination patient developed new cranial nerve enhancement involving the fifth cranial nerves bilaterally but also the cranial nerves VII and VIII and possibly the third cranial nerves. Suggesting leptomeningeal or direct cranial nerve involvement/reaction.3.There is redemonstration of a skull based tumor involving clivus and right petrous bone with associated extension into the right carotid space and right prevertebral space. This appears to be relatively stable in extent when compared to the previous exam. Some extension into the right cerebellar medullary angle cistern appears to be slightly progressed compared to the prior exam. There is additional marrow involvement which includes the sphenoid wings and sphenoid bone and mandibular heads as well as portions of the masticator space which are stable.4.There is a intraluminal filling defect within the visualized portions of the proximal jugular vein and distal sigmoid sinus which could represent thrombus and/or tumor.
A solitary well-defined nodule which is either high or low risk patient population requires a 3 month follow from point of discovery unless prior imaging is available to confirm stability from an outside source for comparison.  Minimal additional left lower lobe changes to suggest possible aspiration.  
Minimal osteoarthritis
1.Status post drainage of the pelvic abscess. No measurable residual abscess.2.Findings suspicious for sclerotic metastases to the lumbar spine.
Atherosclerotic changes otherwise normal brain CT. If there is clinical concern for acute stroke, an MRI may be considered.
1. Substantial decrease in size of nasopharyngeal mass with reexpansion of the nasopharyngeal airway. Remaining prominent adenoid tissue measures approximately 2.2 x 2.9 cm.2. Marked decrease in size and central necrosis of cervical and retropharyngeal lymphadenopathy.
Stable examination with metastatic osseous pelvic disease
Mild-to-moderate osteoarthritis of the left knee as described above.
1.Expansile cystic lesion extending medially from the right middle cranial fossa with mild mass effect on the midbrain and presumed associated dilation of the right temporal horn may represent arachnoid cyst with chronically dilated right temporal horn related to obstruction. There is thinning of the right temporal cortex which may be related to chronic temporal horn dilatation. Component of cystic encephalomalacia seems less likely but if clinically warranted, follow-up MR imaging can be considered for better assessment, including for contiguity of the presumed dilated temporal horn with the remainder of the ventricular system.2.The ventricular system is otherwise nondilated.3.No intracranial hemorrhage.
1.  Small lesion in left breast with increased attenuation, may be calcification versus enhancing lesion.  Correlate with mammography.2.  Indeterminate, moderately enlarged hilar and pericarinal lymph nodes.
1.Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern
1.Lesion in the right anterior apex is suspicious for cancer.2.No lymphadenopathy.
Progressive surface and parenchymal disease involving the liver.Gallbladder sludge without complication segmental biliary tract dilatation associated with hepatic metastatic disease.
Enlarging pleural effusions but no reliable evidence of superimposed infection. 
ET tube in acceptable position. 
1. No acute intracranial hemorrhage or other acute abnormalities.2. Stable encephalomalacia in the bilateral superior frontal gyri and left temporal region.  Mild small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age.3. Post-operative changes of left hemimaxillectomy. Complete opacification of left mastoid air cells, middle ear, and remaining left maxillary sinus.
1.  No significant interval change of the previously described mixed density extra-axial fluid collection along the left frontoparietal region, consistent with an extra-axial hematoma.  2.  Findings consistent with prior infarct in the region of the anterior limb of the left internal capsule, appearing similar to the prior study.3.  Postoperative changes consistent with stated history of ACOM aneurysm clipping.
Dobbhoff tube tip coiled in the gastric body with its tip in the gastric fundus.
Haller index measurement of 3.38  
Normal lumbar spine radiograph and SI joints.
1. Patchy increased hepatic echogenicity consistent with hepatic steatosis.2. No superimposed focal hepatic lesion or biliary ductal dilation. I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Persistent left lower lobe opacity. This may be atelectasis or pneumonia.
Increase in diffuse pulmonary opacities most consistent with pulmonary edema. Shifting pleural effusions.
Normal examination.
1. No conclusive evidence of metastatic disease to the thorax.2.  Chronic lung fibrotic disease in an UIP pattern with upper lobe predominant paraseptal emphysema, suggestive of combined pulmonary fibrosis and emphysema appears to have rapidly progressed. 3.  Nodular appearance of the right apical fibrosis and nodules contained within the right basilar fibrosis should be monitored for growth. 
Orthopedic fixation of a comminuted left humerus fracture.
1.Severe bowel obstruction with the transition point at the left lower abdominal ostomy possibly due to an adhesion.2.Pancreatic parenchymal atrophy with some ductal dilatation. Consider MRCP for further evaluation to exclude an underlying mass.
1.  Interval development of moderate-sized pericardial effusion.  Unchanged bilateral pleural effusions.2.  Slight interval improvement in patchy air space and groundglass opacities in the left anterior upper lobe, which may represent infection. 3.  Large right upper lobe/mediastinal mass, not significantly changed.  Please see the most recent contrast enhanced CT for complete evaluation.
Normal brain CT.
1.  Old left frontal and temporal lobe infarctions and small vessel ischemic disease, with no acute intracranial hemorrhage identified.2.  If clinical concern remains high for acute stroke, MRI is recommended for further evaluation.Findings were discussed with Dr. Eugene from the clinical service at the time of interpretation.  
1. Interval increase in size of pulmonary nodules 2.  Prominent right hilar/left axillary adenopathy
No significant acute sinus disease.Evidence of prior left sinus surgery, possible left functional endoscopic sinus surgery.
1.Innumerable small T2 hyperintense foci throughout the hepatic parenchyma could represent cysts versus biliary hamartomas. The majority of these lesions are too small to fully characterize however are still likely benign.
Enlarging pleural effusions and worsening basilar opacities consistent with CHF/hypervolemia.
No acute fracture or malalignment.
Stable study including nonspecific left basilar groundglass lung nodule and reference ill-defined right pelvic sidewall soft tissue focus. No new sites of disease seen. 
Degenerative changes of the L4/L5 joints as described above.
MR guided biopsy of 2 sites in the left breast. Pathology results have not been submitted.Please submit the diagnostic MRI and other imaging such as diagnostic mammogram and ultrasound and post procedure mammogram (which was obtained as per the report) for completion of the examinationBIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: T - Take Appropriate Action - No Letter.
No acute intracranial abnormality. Please note that noncontrast CT is insensitive to detection of infection or neoplasm. 
New left parietal catheter with its tip lying in the left frontal region likely in ventricle.
No focal lung opacity.
No significant abnormality. No specific evidence of infection.
1. No evidence of measurable nasopharyngeal tumor.2. A nodular area with high T2 signal and mild enhancement at the junction between the right carotid and retropharyngeal spaces just inferior to the skull base that measures up to 15 mm may represent treated lymphadenopathy. Otherwise, there is no significant upper cervical lymphadenopathy. 
Focal asymmetry in the left outer breast on CC view. Spot compression views and possible ultrasound study are recommended.  BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: EC - Additional Mammo/Ultrasound Workup Required.
No evidence of ligamentous injury in the cervical spine. Minimal degenerative changes are seen without evidence of spinal canal or neural foraminal stenosis at any level in the cervical spine. 
Successful drainage of perirectal fluid collection from a left trans-gluteal approach with aspiration of 30 cc pus.PLAN: When catheter output is less than 10 cc per day and the collection is fully drained, consideration can be given to catheter removal.
Postoperative change of bilateral antrostomies and ethmoidectomy and sinus disease as detailed above.
No evidence of sinus disease.
No CT evidence of pyelonephritis. Equivocal bladder wall thickening may be due to underdistention, however correlate with symptoms/labs to exclude cystitis.
Slight evolution of cerebellar hematoma and intraventricular hemorrhage without significant interval change in size of the hematoma, new mass effect, or ventriculomegaly.
1.  No acute intracranial abnormality.2.  No evidence of fracture, dislocation, or other acute traumatic abnormality in the cervical spine.
Moderate to marked changes of interstitial fibrosis in a UIP pattern most likely idiopathic in origin.  However, other etiologies including mixed connective tissue disease and chronic hypersensitivity cannot be excluded.
1. Interval removal of right PICC. Interval placement of left PICC terminating in the SVC.2. Interval improvement in bilateral pleural effusions, with residual right effusion. Improving pulmonary opacities.
Interval development of bilateral lower lobe nodular opacities with questionable cavitation the larger lesion.  In light of the patient's history and suspected immunocompromise state count concern for atypical infection such as fungal infection should be considered
No evidence of metastases, or other significant abnormality.
1.No acute intracranial abnormality.2.Findings compatible with chronic microvascular ischemic disease without significant interval change.
Orthopedic fixation of the right distal ulna, but otherwise no specific findings to account for the patient's wrist pain.
No mass or lymphadenopathy in the soft tissue of the neck. 
1. Stable small cervical lymph nodes as above.  2. Please refer to dedicate CT body for pulmonary findings.  
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities identified without interval change. 
Cardiomegaly with interstitial opacities, right hemidiaphragm elevation and possible small right pleural effusion are suggestive of CHF. Chronic underlying fibrosis may be present as well.
Persistent right subpulmonic pneumothorax.
1.	No pulmonary embolus.  2.	Mild enlargement of the main pulmonary artery, suggestive of pulmonary artery hypertension.3.	Moderately severe centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema.
Mild basilar atelectasis and no other significant pulmonary abnormalities.
1.No evidence for local recurrence or neck lymphadenopathy on the basis of CT size criteria for lymphadenopathy the right jugular digastric node is asymmetrically larger than its left-sided counterpart. This is a nonspecific finding. It's possible it represents a reactive node patient has an associated inflammatory process.
1.  Slight interval decrease of bilateral pleural and subpleural masses.2.  Interval development of a small hyperattenuating lesion in the inferior right renal pole.  This finding may represent hemorrhagic cyst.   
Thickening of the soft tissues of the right lower neck that may represent lymphadenopathy.Normal chest
1. Acute hemorrhagic transformation of the new thalamic infarct with extensive mass effect, including subfalcine, uncal, and cerebellar tonsillar herniation, as well as diffuse cerebral edema.These results were discussed with the ICU resident on call at 11:35 AM on 8/12/2015.
1.No finding to explain patient's right lower quadrant pain.2.Right ovarian cyst and additional nonspecific hypodense focus in the right uterine fundus. Given the patient's repeated episodes of right flank pain without clear etiology, recommend pelvic ultrasound to further evaluate for endometriosis.
Right upper lobe subsegmental atelectasis and a small amount of fluid in the right minor fissure on a background of mild diffuse lung haziness.
Very large epicardial fat pad, a benign finding, corresponding to the lesion seen on chest radiography. 
Improving pulmonary opacities and improved inflation.
No evidence of shunt complication. The Codman Certas valve is probably set at 4 but may be set at 8.
No significant abnormality, resolution of left perihilar opacity. 
1.Findings related to remote surgery in the left neck. 2.Interval resection of a cystic mass in the left supraclavicular region. Medial to the resection bed, there is a new thick walled cystic lesion and immediately inferior to the resection bed, there is a soft tissue nodule. While it is possible that both findings are postoperative in etiology, they are also concerning for residual or recurrent tumor. 3.Interval increase in size of a mediastinal nodule.
No focal lung opacities.
Stable support devices. Interval decrease in pleural effusions.
Findings compatible with soft tissue ulceration without radiographic evidence of osteomyelitis.
1.Total Calcium score was 0. The probability of no coronary calcium for a man of this age and race is 47%.2. The aortic root is moderately dilated (~47mm), dedicated imaging with CT, MRI, or Echo is suggested.  This portion of the report pertains to the heart and great vessels only. The remaining soft tissues of the thorax and upper abdomen will be interpreted by the attending chest radiologist and included as an addendum to this report.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Unremarkable noncontrast MRI of the brain.
1.Significant decrease in size of the anal mass, with reference measurements above.2.Previous bulky bilateral inguinal lymphadenopathy is markedly decreased compared to the prior exam and the referenced right inguinal lymph node is no longer measurable.3.Upper lobe predominant emphysema.
1.	No pulmonary embolus.2.	Bilateral moderate pleural effusions with pulmonary edema.  Differential considerations also include drug reaction and less likely a viral infection.  Follow up with serial chest radiographs is recommended.3.	Right lower lobe nodule suspicious for malignancy and PET scan should be considered for further evaluation.4.	Ill-defined sclerosis in the T2 vertebral body is nonspecific and correlation with bone scan can be considered if the patient has a known primary malignancy. 5.	Indeterminate splenic hypodensity, now with central hyperattenuation.
No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema. CT is insensitive for the early detection of acute nonhemorrhagic cerebral infarction.
Patchy pulmonary opacities unchanged from the prior exam.
1. Successful lumbar puncture for cervical myelography without immediate complications.2. Posterior disc bulges from L2-L3 through L5-S1 with mild spinal canal stenosis.CT of the cervical spine with myelogram protocol was performed subsequently and reported separately.Contrast usage: 9 cc was used during the procedure.Fluoroscopy time: 10.5 minRadiation exposure at reference points:AP: 228.58 mGyLat: 579.26 mGyI, Dr. SK Lee, the attending radiologist, was available for the entire procedure and present and performed the essential part of the procedure.
1.Right parietal scalp injury.2.No acute intracranial abnormality.3.No cervical spine fracture or dislocation.
Findings compatible with persistent partial small bowel obstruction better characterized on CT 7/24/2016. Patient was unable to tolerate enteric contrast, also had one episode of emesis. The decision was made to terminate the small bowel follow-through examination (per clinical service initial decision was to cancel study anyway).
No acute intracranial abnormality. Resolved hematoma centered in the left basal ganglia. Right parietal encephalomalacia. 
Stable study with right apical malignant mass and subcentimeter nodules in the right lobe.
Signs of mild hypervolemia and mild probable axial interstitial edema.
Normal
1.No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema.2.Redemonstration and no change in periventricular, subcortical and posterior fossa lesions which are most likely vascular related.
Paucity of bowel gas air, may reflect fluid containing bowel loops, only small air seen in small bowel. While there is no definitive evidence of bowel obstruction, continued followup recommended to exclude developing small bowel obstruction.
1.Mild rectosigmoid thickening with some prominent adjacent lymph nodes, suggestive of mild proctitis, with no evidence of abscess formation or perforation.2.No specific CT findings of disseminated tuberculosis.
1. Findings consistent with disease progression. Interval enlargement of previously seen scattered pulmonary nodules in the right middle and right lower lobe, as well as new metastatic pulmonary nodules in the right middle lobe.2. Status post right lower lobectomy. New and enlarging prevascular lymphadenopathy although stable additional right hilar and right inferior paratracheal lymph nodes. Attention on follow-up.3. Interval increase in size of lytic lesion to T9 vertebral body, concerning for progression of osseous metastases. No pathologic fractures.
1. Full-thickness rupture of the Achilles tendon further detailed above. 2. Small focus of increased signal within the distal fibers of the peroneus longus which may represent intrasubstance tear or degeneration.
1.Thoracic metastatic disease with reference measurements above.2.No definite evidence of metastatic disease in the abdomen or pelvis as described above.
1.	Multilocular cystic mass containing internal and rim calcifications in the region of the left adrenal gland.  Differential includes an endothelial cyst (lymphangioma), post-traumatic cyst from prior hemorrhage, or possibly a cystic adrenal neoplasm such as a pheochromocytoma.2.	Renal anatomy as described above.
1.	Apparently the acquisition of the CT angiographic images were obtained to early form opacification of the neck vasculature and head the vasculature. As a result the CTA was ineffective in identifying head and neck vasculature.2.	No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema.3.	CT is insensitive for the early detection of nonhemorrhagic CVA4.	findings were discussed with Dr. Michelle Tsao.
1. Increased hepatic echogenicity consistent with chronic liver disease, without discrete focal lesion. 2. Atrophic kidneys with markedly increased echogenicity consistent with medical renal disease.
No expected radiopaque foreign object.These findings were discussed by telephone with Dr. Park, the attending surgeon, on 2/10/2016 at 10:00 PM.
1. Mild mucosal thickening within the maxillary sinuses and a small retention cysts in the bilateral sphenoid sinuses.2. The nasal septum is deviated to the left, with a spur that contacts the inferior left turbinate. 
No acute bleed.  No significant change from previous study.  If an acute stroke is clinically suspected an MRI is suggested.
1.	Age-indeterminate lacunar infarct centered in the right caudate nucleus which is new since most recent examination in 2008, although chronic-appearing. 2.	Age-indeterminant periventricular and subcortical white matter small vessel ischemic disease. 
Right IJ line/sheath terminates within the superior aspect of the SVC. No pneumothorax.Mild leftward deviation of the superior aspect of the trachea which may represent extrinsic compression from a thyroid nodule. Consider correlation with ultrasound if clinically indicated.
1.  Stable examination. Status post cystectomy with expected appearance of ileal conduit neobladder.  2.  No evidence of recurrent or residual tumor.  3.  Normal chest examination without evidence of lymphadenopathy, nodules or infiltrates. 
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No change, with severe emphysema and stable nodules, likely benign.  A follow-up in no sooner than one year is recommended.
1.  Small vessel ischemic changes in the brain, with small lacunar infarct at right caudate nucleus of indeterminate age, but likely chronic.2.  No definite recurrent mass at tongue base.  Small polypoid lesions at tongue base are of uncertain clinical significance.  Please correlate with clinical evaluation.3.  Hypoattenuation lesion with possible subtle bone erosion at superior endplate of T1 vertebra.  MR cervical spine is recommended to exclude a lytic lesion.4.  Left posterior subcutaneous cystic lesion of uncertain clinical etiology, but may represent a sebaceous cyst.  Please correlate with clinical findings.5.  Atherosclerotic carotid artery disease with carotid artery stenosis, worse on the left.
Tendinosis and a mild tenosynovitis of the posterior tibialis tendon. Findings indicating a mild synovitis affecting the subtalar joint, talonavicular articulation, and first MTP joint. No evidence of osteomyelitis or focal fluid collection to suggest abscess formation.
Most of small bowel appears to have been resected. Normal visualized small bowel with grossly patent ileocolonic anastomosis. No evidence of stenotic or active disease.
Status post low anterior resection with ileostomy.  Presacral soft tissue thickening, presumably postoperative in nature.  Mildly enlarged right internal iliac lymph node is considered indeterminant.
1.  Findings consistent with UIP with multiple enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes as described above.2.  Questionable polypoid lesion in the splenic flexure that is incompletely evaluated on this study.
Interval decrease in the pulmonary, hepatic metastases and abdominal and thoracic adenopathy.  Bone lesions are unchanged.
Limited study due to lack of intravenous contrast. Interval increase in the size of the lung and liver metastases. Extensive bone metastases are relatively unchanged compared to previous study.
No evidence of orbital cellulitis.Enhancing left greater than right preseptal soft tissue mass, as described above, may represent lacrimal duct inflammation such as dacroadenitis.  A small abscess in this region cannot be excluded.
Basilar opacities, consistent with scar or atelectasis, unchanged.
Marker projects 4.5 cm below the top of the aortic arch level.
1. Cholelithiasis without sonographic evidence of acute cholecystitis.2. Trace perihepatic fluid.
Right lung atelectasis has improved from prior exam.
Two pigtail catheters in place in the  pelvis, interval resolution of pelvic fluid collections, with no new fluid collection seen.
1.	Findings raise the question of fusiform aneurysm of the right vertebral artery at the origin of the right PICA. This area is partially obscured by beam hardening artifact. A 3T MRA may be of benefit in confirming or excluding this suspicion if the patient is able to tolerate it. (finding was alphanumeric paged to Dr Ardelt)2.	No evidence for cervicocerebral occlusive disease.3.	No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema.4.	Redemonstration of radiopaque foreign body in the right external auditory canal. Please correlate with physical exam.
Fracture of the distal fibula as described above.
1. Interval cystoprostatectomy and radical lymphadenectomy with right lower quadrant ileal conduit urinary diversion.2. Moderate left-sided hydronephrosis and dilated ureter to the level of the ileal conduit. 3. Multiple filling defects in left pelvis and calyceal system-see above discussion. Differential diagnosis includes urothelial tumor, or blood clot/debris. 3. Unilocular 3 cm benign-appearing cyst in spleen.
1. Redemonstration of left occipital, right thalamus, and left caudate head non-hemorrhagic small infarcts.2. Mild small vessel ischemic strokes of indeterminate age.3. No new acute intracranial abnormality.
Mild chronic appearing deformity of right inferior pubic ramus, nonspecific, may reflect sequela of prior injury, appearance stable from prior study. Please refer to concomitant nuclear medicine bone scan from same day for additional findings.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.   BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1.Diffuse bony activity throughout suspicious for tumor involvement.2.Heterogeneous activity in the liver tissue which may be due to tumor involvement.
1.No evidence of metastatic disease, intracranial hemorrhage, or acute infarct. 2.Mild unchanged chronic likely small vessel ischemic disease.
Lingular pneumonia.
Masses in the pancreas and both kidneys as measured above. At least one new lesion in the liver differential diagnostic consideration includes a neoplasm or in this clinical context abscess. No other findings to explain signs of infection.Slightly increased size of loculated fluid collections in the right lower quadrant and mesentery.
1.	Small amount of ascites, decreased over the interval, with peritoneal dialysis in place.  No loculated fluid collection is evident to suggest abscess.2.	No specific new findings to account for the patient's abdominal pain are evident.
NG tube tip proximal gastric body.
Minimal interval increase in the size of the left upper lobe nodule.  Otherwise no significant change from previous study.
Mediastinal mass and pleural effusions with no significant change.
Diffuse bowel dilation may be due to ileus.
Interval increase in size and number of bilobar hepatic metastatic lesions.  Interval increase in size of left lower lobe lung nodule consistent with progression of metastatic focus.
1. Neck CT images are significantly motion degraded limiting evaluation for small lesions. No obvious neck mass however is seen to suggest tumor recurrence in the neck or significant cervical lymphadenopathy. 2. No evidence of intracranial metastases.3. Interval increase in size of bilateral pulmonary nodules likely representing metastases. Please refer to separate chest CT report for details.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Compared to 9/30/2015, there is no evidence of interval tumor progression.
Normal exam.
Continued gross stability and to minimal healing of the distal femoral fracture
Stable examination with no evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease in the brain or neck.
No acute intracranial abnormality or other specific finding to account for the patient's headaches.
1. Slow emptying of the stomach. 2. Limited evaluation of the duodenum and jejunum with no evidence of leak. Areas of irregularity consistent with repair of prior stricture and duodenojejunostomy.
1.No acute intracranial abnormality on noncontrast head CT.2.Frothy secretions within the right maxillary sinus could represent acute sinusitis in the correct clinical setting.
No significant abnormality.
1.Left lingular subpleural nodule without significant interval change over the 3 years.2.Moderate upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema.
No evidence of acute sinusitis. Improvement of paranasal sinus mucosal disease. 
1.  No evidence of pulmonary emboli as clinically questioned.2.  Pulmonary findings consistent with the patient's history of sarcoidosis, appearing unchanged from the prior study.
1. No evidence of acute fracture or malalignment in the bilateral lower legs or feet.2. Very mild hallux valgus deformity, right greater than left, with minimal degenerative changes at the first MTP joints bilaterally. 
Multinodular goiter without substernal extension and with patent airway, as described above. 
No evidence of obstruction.
Healing fractures of the distal left radius and ulna are in anatomic alignment.
No intracranial mass or mass effect is appreciated within the the limits of noncontrast CT to suggest metastatic disease. 
No significant abnormality. Chronic elevated left hemidiaphragm or eventration, which may account for diminished left-sided breath sounds.
Right PICC catheter is likely within a thoracic vein.
1. Large acute left middle cerebral artery territory infarct, but no hemorrhagic transformation or midline shift. However, the cerebrovascular system could not be evaluated further due to the lack of intravascular contrast from the minor contrast extravasation. 2. Evolution of the recent left middle cerebral artery territory infarct with evidence suggesting hemorrhagic transformation superimposed upon a background of small vessel ischemic disease. 3. Patchy pulmonary opacities and pleural effusions, which may be related to congestive heart failure and fluid shifts.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Support devices unchanged. Marked cardiac enlargement with pulmonary vascular redistribution. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
1. No evidence of metastases.2. Severe coronary artery calcifications.3. Worsening right basilar consolidation consistent with infection probably aspiration related.
Normal
Cirrhotic liver morphology with stigmata of portal hypertension, including splenomegaly. No focal liver lesion.Contracted gallbladder containing multiple stones. 
1.	There has been marked interval progression of metastatic disease with innumerable new lesions of varying size in the lungs and liver.  2.	Marked right hydronephrosis and hydroureter.  Right nephroureteral stent is in the expected position.  Probable small stones and debris in the right renal collecting system.3.	Patient's known pararectal masses are larger. New right > left groin masses.  4.	C7 vertebral body lytic lesion is unchanged.5.	Overdistended urinary bladder, possibly due to outlet obstruction.
No MIBG avid tumor currently.
No change and no evidence of metastatic disease.
Dilated loops of bowel in the abdomen again noted. Enteric tube terminates in the body of the stomach.
No sign of a radiopaque foreign body in the chest.
Infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysm and ectatic proximal common iliac arteries, not significantly changed from the prior study.
Enlarged heterogeneous thyroid, appearance compatible with multinodular goiter.
1)  Multiple lesions scattered throughout the liver consistent with metastases.  Small pelvic lymph nodes are identified,  no enlarged by CT size criteria pelvic lymph nodes are seen.2)  Nonspecific micronodular lesions throughout both lungs, may represent metastases.
Chondrocalcinosis of the left knee without fracture.
Widespread metastatic disease including the lungs, liver, spleen, lymph nodes, mesentery and bones.
Cardiomegaly with no evidence of edema or pneumonia. 
No significant cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Specifically, no visible signs of pneumonia.
1.	In regards to the clinical question, no discrete abscess is seen.Right pleural effusion with atelectasis and multiple bilateral patchy opacities.  Though nonspecific, these findings can be seen in aspiration pneumonia particularly with debris in the trachea.2. Cirrhosis and ascites, with multiple liver lesions again seen.  Consider MRI of the liver for more detailed evaluation if clinically indicated.
No evidence of nephrolithiasis or hydronephrosis. No other specific findings to account for patient's symptoms.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. Please see the separate recommendations from the MRI report regarding the need for MRI biopsy.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
1. No evidence of intracranial aneurysm. 2. Hypoplastic vertebrobasilar system associated with prominent bilateral posterior communicating arteries represents an anatomic variant. 
1.Patient status post left partial nephrectomy with stable complex cystic masses.2.No additional evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.
Specimen radiograph contains malignancy, biopsy clip and seed. BIRADS: 6 - Known cancer.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography. 
Repositioning of Swan-Ganz catheter with tip now in the pulmonary artery.
1.Pancreatic body neoplasm decreased in size, as above.2.Reference liver lesion is slightly decreased in size.3.Right axillary lymphadenopathy, nonspecific and similar to prior.4.Hypervascular right thyroid nodule is again noted.
Progressive pulmonary opacities, greatest on the left, suggestive of aspiration or progressive edema. Extensive subcutaneous emphysema at the neck and left lateral chest wall. No large pneumothorax.
High position of ET tube with cuff at least partially above the vocal cords.Findings discussed by phone with the primary service at 11:17 on 7/7/2015.
1.	Right parastomal hernia containing portion of colon without obstruction.2.	Small left body wall omental fat-containing hernia.
1. Multiple masses in the right breast consistent with patient's known breast carcinoma. Mammographic correlation is recommended. Right axillary and subpectoral lymphadenopathy. 2. Mildly enlarged subcarinal lymph node and subcentimeter left axillary lymph nodes are nonspecific.3. No evidence of metastatic disease in the abdomen or pelvis.
Large ventral epidural fluid collection with peripheral enhancement which tracks superiorly from the lumbar spine and involves the entire thoracic as well as the cervical spine to the C1 level. There is at least moderate degree of diffuse cervical and thoracic spinal canal stenosis and mild flattening of the spinal cord. Given the extent of the epidural collection as well as a paraspinous collection, this may have originated as a pseudomeningocele/CSF leak, now with suspected superimposed infection/epidural abscess formation.
Significant interval decrease in size of bulky extensive peritoneal/omental metastatic disease. Associated with interval resolution of ascites. Interval decrease in size of bulky bilateral pelvic metastatic adenopathy. Reference lesions provided as above.
Degenerative disc disease and facet joint osteoarthritis without fracture.
Stable exam without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No evidence of pneumonia.
Left breast masses for which comparison with prior studies is recommended. BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: OB - OLD FILM FOR COMPARISON
1. Markedly increased renal echogenicity, consistent with chronic medical renal disease.2. Cholelithiasis without evidence of acute inflammation.3. Aneurysmal dilatation of the abdominal aorta with extensive mural thrombus.
1.  Stable splenic size and unchanged scattered lymph nodes without evidence of recurrence.2.  Unchanged compression fractures of L4 and superior endplate of L5.
fracture of the second distal phalanx unchanged from previous
1.No definite evidence of FDG avid tumor.2. Linear skin and subcutaneous activity posterior to the left parotid gland and within the left neck are non-specific and could be post-surgical in etiology.3. No abnormal activity within two right lower lobe pulmonary nodules; however, these should continue to be followed on subsequent imaging. 
1.  No radiographic evidence of metastatic or recurrent disease.
ET tube tip at thoracic inlet.
Postsurgical changes of the anterior left chest wall and unchanged pleural-based mass at the right lung base. Muscular asymmetry of the right lateral chest wall is nonspecific by CT but has not conclusively changed. This is a unclear clinical significance and could reflect compensatory muscular hypertrophy. Please note that in the intramuscular lesions would be unlikely to be visible by CT technique. Further evaluation may be made with MRI of the chest wall if the patient is experiencing pain or has any palpable abnormality.
Overall continued mild interval increase in size of the diffuse subdural hemorrhages along the bilateral tentorium cerebelli, posterior aspect of falx cerebri, and bilateral cerebral convexities, but unchanged superimposed small bilateral cerebral convexity subdural effusions.
1. Orthopedic fixation of a fracture of the third metacarpal diaphysis.2. Nondisplaced fourth metacarpal fracture.
Status post cystoprostatectomy.  Loculated fluid collection at cystectomy site has resolved.  No evidence for recurrence or metastatic process. Cholelithiasis without acute inflammation.
Large left-sided retropharyngeal abscess extending from the pharynx to the thoracic inlet with resulting partial effacement and deviation of the larynx and to a lesser extent the pharyngeal/tracheal airway.  Reactive lymphadenopathy.  Mild narrowing of the left internal/common carotid arteries is present, but the cervical vasculature remains patent.Patchy opacities in lung apices consistent with aspiration or evolving pneumonia.Prominence of the pituitary gland for age, incompletely evaluated.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. The sensitivity of mammography for detecting breast cancer is decreased in patients with dense breasts such as this patient. Physical exam assumes a more important role. Additional screening with automated whole breast ultrasound can also be considered based on her mammographically dense breasts. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
1.	Unremarkable contrast enhanced CT of the abdomen and pelvis.2.	Left ovary cystic focus, likely physiologic
No acute disease and questionable mild COPD
Decrease in size of probable a seroma in the right iliac fossa.  Right groin lymph node minimally larger.
Swan-Ganz projects over the proximal right main pulmonary artery. No substantial change in the appearance of the chest.
No focal pulmonary opacity.
Minimal patchy atelectasis right lower lobe and left lower lobe.
Unremarkable examination of the left knee.
Stable postoperative findings. Persistent pleural effusions. 
The exam was positive for trace vestibular penetration and negative for tracheal aspiration.
Comminuted, nondisplaced patella fracture.
Mildly displaced oblique intra-articular fracture through the base of the second proximal phalanx.
No evidence of metastatic disease or change.
Interval decrease in size of several of the left enlarged axillary lymph nodes.  Otherwise, unchanged examination.  Retroperitoneal, right perinephric and right pelvic adenopathy, unchanged, as is the degree of right hydronephrosis and proximal hydroureter.
ETT 2 cm above carina.
1.  Interval increase in edema in right frontal lobe likely secondary to dural metastatic lesion.  Correlate with MRI on 8/14/08.2.  Lytic lesion involving the L3 vertebral body. 3.  Mediastinal lymphadenopathy and innumerable metastatic nodules in the lung. Please correlate with Chest CT for further evaluation.l4. Given the limitations of non-infused CT, no evidence of mass or pathologic lymphadenopathy in the neck. 
1.	Mild rectal wall thickening suggestive of colitis2.	Bilaterally enlarged axillary lymph nodes as detailed above.3.	Calcifications noted in bilateral breasts as described above.
No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage. Periventricular and subcortical white-matter abnormality is nonspecific but probably reflective of age-indeterminant microvascular ischemia. 
Endotracheal tube terminates 6 cm from the carina. New enteric tube terminates with the proximal aspect of the stomach. Side port is likely within the distal esophagus. This could be advanced if clinically indicated.
1.Increased hepatic parenchymal echogenicity consistent with hepatic steatosis or mild chronic liver disease.2.Bilateral renal cortical thinning.3.Hypoechoic collection in the subcutaneous soft tissues of the right lower quadrant likely related to medication injection site.
1. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage. Please note that CT in insensitive for the acute detection of cerebral ischemia.2. No evidence of flow-limiting stenosis or aneurysms of the intracranial vessels.
1. Stable size of the known fluid/contrast and air collection adjacent to the anterior abdominal wall defect. The origin/communication of this extravasated enteric contrast is felt to be related to the jejunal limb extending to the right from this collection. The right upper quadrant surgical drain has been pulled back, and the catheter tip is posterior to this fluid collection.2. Esophagojejunal stent with a persistent filling defect with soft tissue attenuation in the distal portion, and an intraluminal mass cannot be excluded. Consider direct visualization via endoscopy.3. Bilateral pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis and patchy bibasilar airspace opacities. 
Interval decrease in abdominal and pelvic fluid collections, as described above.
Normal brain CT.
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern without evidence of toxic megacolon as clinically questioned.
No change in edema-like opacities, tubes or devices. No significant pneumothorax.
Focal asymmetries in the right central breast are more prominent from prior study and need further evaluation with spot compression views and possible ultrasound. Repeat left MLO view is recommended due to a skin fold.BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: EB - Additional Mammo/Ultrasound Workup Required.
(1)Interval growth in size of hypoechoic left upper outer quadrant mass measuring up to 4.8 cm, highly suspicious for malignancy. This mass was biopsied with findings reported under separate accession.(2)No change in size of solid well-circumscribed mass in the left inner breast measuring up to 1.1 cm. Imaging appearance favors benign lesion such as a fibroadenoma. (3)Indeterminate left axillary lymph nodes with the most suspicious node in the low axilla demonstrating increased cortical thickness of up to 0.5 cm. This lymph node was biopsied with findings reported under separate accession.BIRADS: 5 - Highly suggestive of malignancy.RECOMMENDATION: H - Percutaneous Biopsy/Aspiration.
Increasing CHF.
No sign of metastatic disease, or change.
A few tiny, nonobstructing renal calculi are seen bilaterally.  No concerning additional genitourinary mass is appreciated.
Stable hepatic metastases.  No significant changes in the abdomen or pelvis.
Decreased size of the known abdominal/peritoneal mass. Additional index lesions of the left pelvic lesion and the right lung nodule are stable in size. No new sites of disease.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1. Bilateral hallux valgus deformities.2. Possible foreign bodies as described above.
Osteoarthritis of both knees.
No evidence of pneumothorax.
Stable cardiopulmonary appearance with upper lobe emphysema, basilar interstitial opacities, and extensive left pleural nodularity.
1.No evidence of pulmonary embolus.2.Large partially loculated left-sided pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis.3.Interval decrease in the size of lymph nodes in the chest.4.Interval increase in diffuse vertebral sclerosis, this could indicate response to therapy.5.Known renal cancer.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: NoneChronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
1. Moderate ascites and soft tissue nodules in the peritoneum and omentum consistent with peritoneal carcinomatosis.2. Prominent adnexa, particularly on the right, is incompletely assessed by CT but raises possibility for ovarian neoplasm, either primary or metastatic.  Correlate with pelvic ultrasound.3. Gastric wall thickening; query neoplastic involvement4. Bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis.5. New patchy opacities in the right upper lobe and right middle lobe, which may be infectious or inflammatory.6. Large ventral hernia containing ascites and nondilated bowel loops without obstruction.
1.  Circumferential thickening of the cervical esophagus suspicious for tumor recurrence.  No mass or wall thickening is appreciated at the level of the gastro-esophageal junction that corresponds to focus of increased activity noted on the PET scan on 12/8/2009.2.  Unchanged, heterogeneously enhancing mass that is likely originating from the left thyroid gland; however, ultrasound can be used for further evaluation if clinically indicated.
Expected postprocedural changes following laser relation of a left periatrial presumed cavernoma.
Bronchial wall thickening and decreased pulmonary perfusion suggestive of bronchitis and COPD. 
Normal brain CT, without evidence of hemorrhage as clinically questioned.
1.Increased osteolysis of the great toe, consistent with osteomyelitis.2.Extensive soft tissue infiltration and subcutaneous gas within great toe and deep spaces of the foot could represent necrotizing fasciitis within the correct clinical setting.
1.Multiple bilateral pulmonary metastases as detailed above.2.Focal sclerotic lesion within the left aspect of the T2 vertebral body is indeterminate; however, further evaluation with a nuclear medicine bone scan is suggested.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality.2. No evidence of thrombus, dissection, or aneurysm.
Morbid obesity. Left distal ureteral stone. Left lower pole non-obstructing calculus. 
Ill-defined hepatic lobe lesions are nonspecific.  Dedicated hepatic MRI is recommended to exclude metastatic disease.
1.  Cervical lymphadenopathy as described above with suggestion of slight interval increase in size from the prior study.2.  Findings suspicious for multi-nodule goiter which does not appear to have significantly changed from the previous study.3.  Probable dominant lymph node posterior and lateral to the left thyroid lobe which now shows interval calcifications from the previous study.  Findings probably is related to interval treatment.  Correlate clinically.4.  Degenerative changes of the cervical spine as described above.
No significant interval change
Evolving small infarcts in the right MCA distribution and possibly portions of the right anterior choroidal distribution.  No new areas of infarction identified based on CT.  MRI can provide a more accurate estimate if it would change clinical management.No acute intracranial hemorrhage.There appears to be doubling back of the right nasal route tube.  Suggest clinical correlation.Findings discussed with the neck mild by Dr. Fagan 3:50 p.m. March 11, 2012.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Stable findings from previous CT.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
No significant abnormalities. 
No pneumothorax.
Postsurgical changes of right frontal meningioma resection. No findings to suggest residual or recurrent tumor.
Fat-containing midline ventral hernia in pelvis contains fat stranding suggesting inflammatory changes, a possible source of pain. Diverticulosis without diverticulitis. Multiple ventral fat and non-obstructive bowel containing hernias. 
Swan-Ganz catheter has been removed. Patchy bibasilar opacities and pleural effusions again noted.
1. Chronic circumferential bladder wall thickening, consistent with patient's history of cystitis. Few small foci of pelvic free air, likely secondary to recent cystostomy catheter manipulation.2. No evidence of acute pyelonephritis.3. No evidence of obstructing nephroureterolithiasis.
No evidence of leak.
Gallbladder collapsed, limiting evaluation, but there are no secondary signs of acute cholecystitis.
1.No acute intracranial hemorrhage.2.Mild age-indeterminate small vessel ischemic disease. 3.Sclerotic left maxillary sinus walls suggests evidence of chronic sinusitis. 4.Soft tissue swelling is noted over the left maxilla and orbit without underlying fracture. 5.Periapical lucency is present involving the left upper central incisor from periodontal disease. 
1.Interval significant decrease in the size of the widespread cervical lymphadenopathy with reference measurements provided 2.New nodule within the right upper lung is better seen and characterized on the dedicated chest CT from the same day. 
Minimal fusiform narrowing of the flattened left carotid bulb. The remaining vasculature is within normal limits.
1.	Negative CT of brain with infusion.2.	Negative CT of soft tissues of the neck for recurrence of disease.
No change in patchy airspace and interstitial opacity status post ECMO decannulation.
No CT evidence of intracranial metastatic disease
"1. No perfusion defects/ ""ischemia"" present during hyperemia.2. No prior myocardial infarction. The entire myocardium is viable.3. Normal LV size and systolic function (LVEF 63%).4. Normal RV size and systolic function (RVEF 68%).I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report."
1. Aorto-biliac stent graft with interval enlargement of the aneurysm sac and evidence of an endoleak within the inferior portion of the sac; this may represent a Type II endoleak.2. Patent right renal artery stent.3. Calcified pleural plaques.
Osteoarthritis of both hands as described above.
1.	Since appears examination a been continued evolution of prior infarct in the right cerebellar width and no new hemorrhage.  There is some still some mild persistent mass effect associated with this.2.	Status post suboccipital craniectomy with fluid collection at the craniectomy site which is only slightly larger than on the prior exam it has slowly increased in size since earlier exams dated from 8/2/12.3.	No change in the size of the ventricles since the prior exam status post removal of ventriculostomy tube.
Low lung volumes makes detailed cardiopulmonary assessment difficult. No focal lung consolidation or evidence of overt left-sided heart failure.
Grade 1 right and grade 3 left hydronephrosis. Bilateral renal stones.*SFU grading system: Grade 0: No hydronephrosis. Grade 1: The renal pelvis is visualized. Grade 2: A few but not all of the calices are identified in addition to the renal pelvis. Grade 3: Virtually all the calices are seen. Grade 4: Grade 3 and parenchymal thinning. **SFU grading system retrovesical ureter: Grade 0: No ureteral dilatation. Grade 1: Ureter less than 7 mm. Grade 2: Ureter is 7-10 mm. Grade 3: Ureter is over 10 mm. Fernbach SK, Maizels M, Conway JJ. Ultrasound Grading of Hydronephrosis: Introduction to the System used by the Society for Fetal Urology. Pediatric Radiology (1993) 23: 478-480.***Rosenbaum DM, Korngold E, Teele RL. Sonographic Assessment of Renal Length in Normal Children. AJR Am J. Roentgenol (1984) 142:467-469
1. Basilar atelectasis, left greater than right2. Postoperative pneumoperitoneum.3. When possible, suggest PA and lateral view of the chest to better assess central venous line position.
Normal shoulder with mild osteoarthritic changes of the hip. Please consider MR imaging if bursitis remains of concern.
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern. No free air.
1. Stable post therapy changes without new pathologic lymph nodes or enhancement to suggest recurrent disease in the neck.2. No intracranial metastasis. 
No evidence of carpal instability.
1. Interval resolution of the pulmonary embolism.2. Stable mediastinal lymphadenopathy and lung nodules.3. Interval increase in number and size of hepatic bilobar metastases.4. Stable retroperitoneal and minimally decreased pelvic lymphadenopathy5. Extensive bony metastases increased from prior study
Increasing basilar consolidation. Unchanged tubes and devices.
1.  Bilateral renal calculus disease and left hydronephrosis.  2.  Right renal pelvis/proximal ureter calculus seen on prior examination no longer present.  3.  New stranding in the left lower pole perinephric fat seen which may represent signs of either infection/inflammation or from recent passage of stone.  4.  No other significant change in appearance of kidneys and calcifications and no evidence of hydroureter to suggest acute obstruction at this time.
No pneumothorax.
No significant abnormality.
Persistent severe deformities of the left forearm as described.
1.Negative contrast enhanced cervical spine.2.Negative contrast-enhanced thoracic spine.3.Bilateral simple renal cysts, otherwise negative contrast-enhanced lumbar spine.
No evidence for significant peripancreatic infiltration or fluid collection.  No pancreatic ductal dilatation.
1.Mixed signal intensity and partially enhancing sclerotic metastatic lesion of T7 vertebrae as detailed. No evidence of compression deformity or extra osseous extension of enhancement and no spinal canal or neural foraminal compromise.2.Unremarkable pre-and post enhanced MRI of thoracic spine otherwise.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities identified without interval change. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are identified. No specific evidence of infection or edema.
1.  Slight increase in right upper lung nodule as described above.  2.  Slight increase in right paratracheal lymph node.3.  Stable osseous metastases.  4.  No new sites of disease.
Nonspecific right lung nodule is stable.  Stable scarring / pleural thickening involving the upper lobes.Nonspecific enlarged pelvic lymph nodes.No significant interval change.
New small bilateral pleural effusions with underlying atelectasis.  Otherwise unchanged exam without evidence of metastatic disease.
1. Linear lucency partially traversing the anterior process of the calcaneus may not be of any current clinical significance; however if there is a recent history of trauma, the possibility of a fracture may be considered. This can be further evaluated with CT if clinically warranted.2. Other findings as above. 
Interval improvement of the previous described right nonspecific pleural effusion with associated compression of the underlying lung and by basilar atelectasis.  No evidence of superimposed additional abnormalities or cause of the hemoptysis.
1.	No definite evidence of metastatic disease.2.	Severe fatty infiltration of the liver which is enlarged suggestive of steatohepatitis.3.	11 mm splenic artery aneurysm.
Normal
Degenerative disc disease and scoliosis of the lumbar spine.
No significant change from previous study.
Stable right adrenal massmild progression of isolated right external iliac adenopathy of uncertain significance.No pancreatic or bowel abnormality.Report two of her tumor and by stat consult.
Chest tubes removed
Findings suggestive of gouty arthritis, affecting the feet as described above. Normal examination of the hands.
No significant abnormality.
Moderate pleural effusions and atelectasis. 
Basilar consolidation and atelectasis with no acute change.
Left total hip arthroplasty in near-anatomic alignment.
Left lower lobe opacity is unchanged. Line position stable as well as the very small left apical pneumothorax.
Interval decrease in size of mesenteric metastatic mass.  Other reference lesions, unchanged.
Support devices unchanged. Stable cardiopulmonary appearance with bilateral patchy airspace opacities compatible with aspiration/infection.
1.  Normal renal parenchyma with bilateral solitary collecting systems.  2.  Bilateral accessory renal arteries.3.  Circumaortic left renal vein.
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.
Hypoinflated lungs with the left lung base atelectasis, slightly worse as compared with prior study.
1.	No evidence of pulmonary emboli.2.	Bibasilar interlobular septal thickening, nonspecific but in the context of known right hilar enlarged lymph nodes and known history of sarcoidosis may be compatible with sarcoidosis.
Stable postsurgical changes with no acute intracranial finding or interval change. 
Stable examination.
1.  Interval increase in size of left lung nodules as described above.2.  Stable subcutaneous soft tissue nodules consistent with patient's known history of neurofibromatosis.
No evidence of acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion.
1.  No evidence of metastatic or recurrent disease.2.  Previously described interstitial opacities and minimal honeycombing are stable from the prior examination.  
No findings are seen which would account for the patient's symptoms.
1.Interval decrease in size in the left frontal lobe abscess with corresponding decrease in the amount of surrounding edema. 2.Foci of encephalomalacia are redemonstrated in the left cerebellar hemisphere and left occipital lobe which are most likely related to a prior cerebrovascular event. This is stable and unchanged.
Multifocal lung opacities unchanged.
Successful placement of bracketed needle localization of right breast. BIRADS: 6 - Known cancer.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
1.	Reduction in the size of the left-sided pathologic lymph node to13.6 x 12.7-mm from prior measurements of 17.7 x 22 mm.  2.	No evidence of any new mass or pathologic adenopathy.
Femoral heads to rectum into acetabula and at the same height.
Multiple bilateral pulmonary lesions with two primary masses in the left upper and left lower lobe, appear unchanged.  No new focus of metastatic disease is identified.
Postsurgical changes relating to left total hip arthroplasty.
1.	No bowel obstruction or ascites.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.  BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1. No significant obstructive coronary stenoses.  2. Mild mixed and calcific plaque in the proximal and mid LAD causing <20% stenoses. I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1. Significant interval decrease in chest, abdominal, and pelvic lymphadenopathy.2.  New right lower lobe pulmonary nodules and cavitary lesion.  Left lower lobe consolidation.  These findings are suggestive of pneumonia including fungal or opportunistic infectious etiologies.
No acute intracranial hemorrhage or other acute abnormality.
2.Cholelithiasis without pericholecystic fluid or gallbladder wall thickening..
Stable pulmonary opacities. Unchanged catheters.
Stable examination
Thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis.
Expected postoperative findings related to bilateral anterior internal capsule laser ablation.
Worsening pleural effusions and basilar opacities. ET tube tip approximately 6 cm above the carina.
No significant abnormality.
1.Interval increase in size and number of right lung masses.2.Enlarged subcarinal lymph node suspicious for metastasis.
Diffusely dilated loops of small and large bowel suggestive of ileus.
Stable pulmonary micronodules.  No new sites of disease are identified.
1.	No evidence of an acute new finding since prior study.2.	Minimally prominent supratentorial ventricular system with no change since prior exam.3.	No evidence of residual subarachnoid hemorrhage as clinically questioned.4.	Coils within the right anterior communicating artery aneurysm.
No radiographic evidence of metastatic disease in the chest.
No specific evidence of infection.
1. Stable postoperative changes of C3-C7 laminoplasty as described. Some bone remodelling at right C4 and C6 bone graft sites.2. Degenerative changes appear grossly unchanged from immediate postoperative period and improved relative to preoperative study, particularly at C4-C5 and C6-C7. Effect on cord would be better assessed using MRI, particularly in lower cervical spine degraded by image noise.
1.Nasogastric tube tip projects over the fundus of the stomach.2.Multiple dilated loops of small bowel favor a more distal small bowel obstruction over ileus as described above.
No evidence of acute intracranial abnormalities.
Right reverse total shoulder arthroplasty appearing similar to prior study.
Near complete resolution of signs of pulmonary edema.
Bilateral benign calcifications. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. Mammography is optimally performed when prior studies are available to detect changes. If the patient's prior mammograms are submitted, then comparisons will be made for future exams.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Thrombophlebitis of the basilic vein as described above.
Interval increase in the previously noted right submandibular mass however with less enhancement when compared with the prior study.
1.There are multiple bilateral rounded and wedge-shaped, pleural-based pulmonary opacities, concerning for multifocal infarct or infection.2.Mild expected postoperative pneumomediastinum and small amount of intermediate density fluid in the anterior mediastinum, but no drainable collection.
Stable micronodules and no sign of metastases.
1.	Partially improved metastatic disease with decreased size and conspicuity of hepatic and splenic lesions as well as decreased size of the spleen since comparison study. 2.	Redemonstrated diffuse osseous metastatic disease with vertebral compression fractures.  Overall increased sclerosis of the bones may indicate response to treatment.
Several solid pulmonary nodules are suspicious for metastatic disease.  Additional nonspecific scattered pulmonary micronodules.  Small right pleural effusion.
Suspected mild/partial small bowel obstruction secondary to adhesive disease along the anterior abdominal wall. No evidence of bowel ischemia and/or compromise.
Scattered small lymph nodes. Pulmonary micronodules. These findings can be followed.
Right total knee arthroplasty as described above.
No CT findings to account for the patient's presenting symptoms.
Increasing right perihilar airspace opacity, suggestive of aspiration and infection.Questionable left upper lobe nodule, likely artifactual.
No CT findings to explain patient's right lower quadrant pain.
1. Root avulsion tear of the medial meniscus as described above.2. Articular cartilage degeneration as described above.3. Findings suggestive of minimal patellar tendinosis of questionable clinical significance.4. Nonspecific subcutaneous edema along the anterior aspect of the patellar tendon.5. Findings suggestive of a mild synovitis and joint effusion.
No evidence of fracture or acute injury with degenerative changes of the cervical spine as described above.  Posterior subcutaneous lipoma.
Persistent retrocardiac atelectasis and consolidation in this intubated patient.
No specific evidence of septic emboli or infection.
1. Near complete consolidation of the left lower lobe associated with complete mucoid impaction of the left lower lobe bronchus and consistent with lobar pneumonia.2. Multilobar centrilobular groundglass opacities in the left upper and right lower lobe, may represent multifocal infection or sequela of recurrent aspiration.2. No evidence of pulmonary embolus.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
1. Interval increase in intra-abdominal, peripancreatic and pelvic fluid with perisplenic and right psoas fluid collections as measured above.2. Interval resolution of the perihepatic fluid collection with interval right sided drain placement.3. Resolution of pneumobilia and retroperitoneal free air.4. Slight increase in the left-sided pleural effusion.5. Bowel wall thickening of the ascending colon may represent nonspecific colitis.6. Interval placement of duodenal stent and enteric tube in the jejunum.
Mucosal thickening involving all the visualized paranasal sinuses with patent ostiomeatal units and deviation of the nasal septum to the right
New left PICC line in place with its tip in the subclavian vein. Stable cardiopulmonary appearance.
1. Interval improvement in the multifocal areas of airspace densities and consolidation.  2.  Interval increase in the pleural effusions may represent volume overload.
Disorganized gas pattern without evidence of obstruction. Enteric tube side-port is proximal to the gastroesophageal junction.
Extensive upper zone bronchiectasis with new areas of upper lobe opacity compatible with superimposed infection or mucoid impaction. 
Interval decrease in size of multiple metastatic lesions in the chest, abdomen, and pelvis as described.  However, a right obturator internis lymph node has undergone interval enlargement suggesting a mixed response.
Status post surgery with new cranioplasty flap.  Reduction in subgaleal hematoma and right to left midline shift.
1. Large sliding type hiatal hernia with gastric fundus and chest.2. Minor type esophageal dysmotility.3. Small solitary gastric polyp4. 2 duodenal diverticula located in the second portion of the duodenum
1.There is a subacute compression fracture present at L2 with 50% loss of vertebral body height which is unchanged since prior exam.2.Since prior exam patient has undergone right sacral alla sacroplasty for an insufficiency fracture of the right sacral alla. There are edematous changes present within the right sacral ala which were also present on the prior exam.3.An L3 1cm lesion is stable.4.There are mild degenerative changes present in the lower lumbar spine mainly related to some facet hypertrophy.
Slight interval increase in the size of the left upper lobe mass and liver lesion.INDEX LESION MEASUREMENTS (Current exam date/time: 6/9/2016 11:33:00)SEGMENT 7 RIGHT LOBE LIVER MASS: 6.0 x 4.9 cm (Image 95, Series 13); 5.1 x 3.9 cm on prior (3/10/2016) (Image 97, Series 11).PORTAL CAVAL LYMPH NODE: 2.1 x 1.0 cm (Image 107, Series 13); 2.3 x 0.9 cm on prior (3/10/2016) (Image 107, Series 11).LEFT UPPER LOBE LUNG NODULE: 2.2 x 3.1 cm (Image 35, Series 11); 2.6 x 2.1 cm on prior (3/10/2016) (Image 108, Series 10712).
Swan-Ganz catheter removal and no other significant change.
No acute abnormalities. 
Cardiomegaly without specific evidence of pulmonary edema or pleural effusions.
1. Acute fracture of the proximal phalanx of the thumb.2. Healing fracture of the proximal phalanx of the little finger.3. Triquetral-lunate coalition.
1. No evidence of bleed or hematoma.  2. Severe renal dysfunction.
1.Compared to prior examination from 7/14/2014 there is no interval change in the number or size of the patient's multiple cerebral cavernous malformations.
1.Unremarkable nonenhanced lumbar MRI and without evidence of the cord.2.Incidental note is made of a 15 x 17 mm superficial left renal cyst.
1. Interval decrease in size of the supraglottic squamous cell carcinoma, consistent with treatment response.2. The tracheostomy tube has shifted anteriorly and the tip is no longer within the tracheal lumen, perhaps associated with a defect in the anterior tracheal wall that extends inferiorly from the tracheostomy, as well as inflammatory changes in the surrounding visceral space that extends to the upper mediastinum, which may represent mediastinitis. 3. New irregular opacity in the right lung apex. Please refer to the separate chest CT report for additional details.4. A small amount of fluid within the right sphenoid sinus may represent acute sinusitis.Discussed with at Kimberly Salminen 4:45 PM on 10/5/15.
Healing fractures of the distal radius and ulna.
Successful ultrasound-guided core biopsy of the right breast lesion and clip placement. Pathology is pending at this time.BIRADS: 4 - Suspicious Abnormality.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
Multifocal spinal cord tumor is redemonstrated. The lesion in the cervical cord shows no significant change in maximal transverse dimension, and perhaps a very slight increase in craniocaudal extent. The magnitude of this potential increase is, however, on the order of 1 or 2 mm and may be technical. The lesion in the thoracic cord shows no significant interval change in maximal transverse dimension or craniocaudal extent, allowing for motion artifact.
No acute change in loculated right hydropneumothorax or basal atelectasis/consolidation.
Draining wound cavity without evidence of enterocutaneous fistula.
1.  No evidence of metastatic disease. 2.  There are multiple micronodules in the right lung field which are best considered indeterminate.  The favored etiology is postinflammatory change, however, special attention should be paid to this finding on subsequent CT scans.       
Right parietal subgaleal hematoma. No skull fracture or acute intracranial abnormality. 
1. No evidence of pulmonary embolism.2. New patchy groundglass and nodular/tree-in-bud opacities, along with a dilated and debris-filled esophagus, compatible with aspiration bronchiolitis.3. Stable right lower lobe pulmonary nodules.4.Probable small bowel lipoma adjacent to the tubing may cause a transient intussusception which is resolved on same day CT abdomen imaging.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
1.Brain MRI demonstrate diffuse scattered tiny foci of cortical, subcortical, corpus callosal, bilateral basal ganglia, left occipital and left cerebellar restricted diffusion consistent with acute ischemic strokes. Extensive chronic small vessel ischemic strokes both in supra and infratentorial parenchyma is also noted with few demonstrating minimal internal hemorrhagic changes. There is no detectable abnormal enhancement. No appreciable mass effect or midline shift. Please see above comments.2.Cervical MRI demonstrate degenerative changes without evidence of central spinal stenosis. Multilevel neural foraminal compromise as detailed per level above. Normal signal intensity and caliber of cervical and upper most visualized thoracic cord. Postcontrast images demonstrate expected enhancement of degenerative changes and unremarkable otherwise.
1.Status post graft repair of a type A aortic dissection. Please note that the aortic dissection itself is not visualized on this noncontrast exam. No definite intramural hematoma or evidence of rupture on this noncontrast study.2.Right groin hematoma as outlined above. Please note that active bleeding cannot be excluded on this noncontrast study.
1.  No evidence of pulmonary embolism.2.  Findings suggestive of mild CHF.3.  Hypodense mass in the body of the pancreas suspicious for malignancy.  A dedicated renal CT scan is recommended for further evaluation.
Bronchiolitis or airway hyperreactivity.
1.	No activity intracranial process.  CT is insensitive for early detection of acute ischemic stroke.2.	Constellation of stable chronic intracranial findings as described above.
Stable right pleural nodularity and right upper lobe nodule.  The left lower lobe nodular opacity could be due to mucous plug or endobronchial lesion-follow-up is suggested.  Enhancing pleura in the right lower lobe suspicious for metastatic disease.
Postsurgical volume loss and small residual left effusion.
1.  No significant interval change.  2.  Stable mild ventriculomegaly and intraventricular hemorrhage.
1. Stable pulmonary micronodules.  No evidence of metastases.2. Fatty liver.
Redemonstration of areas of cortically based diffusion restriction with FLAIR hyperintensity within the cerebral hemispheres bilaterally, with relative sparing of the occipital lobes. Overall, distribution is similar to the more recent outside comparison of April 2016, but clearly progressed since December 2015. No definite deep gray nuclei abnormality on the current exam although questioned on the baseline exam which is limited by artifact. Findings are most suggestive of prion disease, although other encephalopathies could have this appearance. Please correlate clinically and with CSF sampling/EEG.
1. Phthisis bulbi on the right, consistent with sequela of remote injury. There is lobulated contour of the small right globe raising possibility of globe rupture, although this finding may also be chronic. Comparison with prior imaging would be helpful if available. No evidence of fracture, discrete hematoma, or abscess involving the right orbit.2. Mild deformity involving the left medial and inferior medial orbital walls likely related to remote trauma. Elongated left globe may be related to high myopia.3. Paranasal sinus opacification with fluid levels and frothy secretions in the left maxillary and left posterior ethmoid sinuses which may indicate acute sinusitis in the appropriate clinical setting.
1.	Larger left hepatic lobe metastasis.  Other liver lesions are not significantly changed.2.	Unchanged pleural based right upper lobe nodule.
No evidence of metastatic disease.
1.Small lesions identified in the left geniculated nucleus and the right superior colliculus are present. It is suspected that this represents calcified lesions. Although the MR angiogram did not demonstrate that these are vascular lesions, the possibility cannot be excluded on the basis of this exam.2.No evidence for cerebrovascular occlusive disease.3.No evidence for intracranial aneurysm.
No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage.
1.Severe lower paratracheal and subcarinal lymphadenopathy suspicious for metastatic disease such as due to small cell lung cancer.2. Small pericardial effusion and indeterminate left adrenal nodule.
Focal asymmetry with the left retroareolar breast. Correlation with prior mammograms is recommended. If prior mammograms cannot be obtained, then additional imaging including spot compression views, with possible ultrasound, is recommended.BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: OB - OLD FILM FOR COMPARISON
No significant abnormality.
Nodular opacities in the lung bases, right greater than left, likely infectious or inflammatory. New small right pleural effusion. This can be reevaluated on CT follow-up in 3-6 months or as per clinical protocol.
Interval increase in size of left pre and post central gyri lesions and a new nodular enhancing lesion on the left superior temporal gyrus which are consistent with multiple metastatic lesions.
Diffuse airspace opacity in the left lung, unchanged from prior study. No evidence of pneumothorax.
Need weighted images due to motion artifact.  No gross intracranial abnormality.  
ET tube tip approximately 3 cm above the carina. Improvement in left basilar opacities.
Partial scaphoidectomy and 4 corner fusion in anatomic alignment
Average stool burden. Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.
1. No acute intracranial hemorrhage, edema, or mass effect.2. No acute fracture or traumatic subluxation.
1.  Postoperative changes in the abdomen with possible partially loculated fluid collection about the ileal conduit in the right lower quadrant.2.  Bilateral hydronephrosis and hydroureter with nephroureteral stents in place.3.  Bilateral pleural effusions and atelectasis.
Airspace development in right upper lobe most likely pneumonia.
Suboptimal exam due to streak artifact however no convincing evidence of any acute intracranial process.
Lines and tubes, as above. Diffuse pulmonary opacities, right greater than left again noted.
Swan-Ganz catheter has been removed.
1.	Stable bilateral adenopathy within the neck.  No new lymphadenopathy.2.	No evidence of intracranial metastases.3.	Please see dedicated chest CT for thoracic findings.
Osteoarthritis without fracture.
Interval removal of 2 left-sided chest tubes. There is a moderate to large sized left-sided hydropneumothorax. Service was paged at 12:15 PM.
Echogenic renal parenchyma consistent with medical renal disease/parenchymal dysfunction without mass or stone. No significant change in mild left hydronephrosis.
1.Extensive diffuse swelling and stranding in the soft tissues of the left side of the neck, centered around the left parotid gland may represent acute parotitis with associated cellulitis, myositis, and fasciitis, as well as perhaps phlegmon formation, but no definite drainable abscess or calculus. The swelling causes mild mass effect upon the pharyngeal airway.2.Nonspecific 7 mm left upper lobe nodule. Per the Fleischner Society Guidelines (Radiology 2005; 237:395-400), for patients at low risk for lung cancer no further imaging follow-up is suggested. For patients at higher risk, such as smokers, a follow-up chest CT in 12 months is suggested. For patients with known malignancy, a 3 month follow-up chest CT is suggested, if no intervention is planned.3.Nonspecific right thyroid nodule that measures up to 3.2 cm, which can be better assessed by thyroid ultrasound.
No evidence of acute abnormality.
1. No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage, midline shift or mass effect. Please note that CT is insensitive to early detection of CVA.   2. Right MCA chronic infarction/encephalomalacia.
1. Unusual rapid development of solid airspace opacity in the region of a previously seen scar. While this could reflect acute inflammatory change, imaging follow-up with CT in 2-3 months is recommended to assess for resolution.2. Previously seen tracheal abnormality has resolved and was likely the result of underinflation and motion artifact. Diffuse bronchial wall thickening suspicious for chronic bronchitis.3. Granulomatous disease without evidence of broncholith.4. Signs of pulmonary hypertension.
Normal appearing right knee without bony growth along the patella. If there is a palpable mass, MRI may be considered for further evaluation.
Normal chest, cervical spine and pelvis. 
1.Right femoral peripheral venous catheter tip terminates in the right common iliac vein.2.Minimal lung haziness, similar to prior exam.3.Nonspecific generalized distention of bowel loops with disorganized and nonobstructive gas pattern.
1.	No evidence of metastatic or recurrent disease in the chest, abdomen or pelvis.2.	No other acute pulmonary findings to account for patient's symptoms.
Stable postsurgical changes of the left breast. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
Continued healing of supracondylar fracture.
Bronchiolitis/reactive airways disease pattern.
Interval increase in size and number of bilobar hepatic metastatic lesions.
Extensive postoperative changes with new small focus of hemorrhage in the white matter of the left frontal lobe with surrounding edema just superior to the surgical site.
No significant pneumothorax.
1. Multiple dilated loops of small bowel with a small amount of gas in the distal colon, suspicious for small bowel obstruction.2. The tip of the Dobbhoff tube projects over the antral/pyloric region.
No significant interval change.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality.2. Bilateral soft tissue swelling, scalp hematoma and laceration.3. Non displaced left parietal skull fracture and punctate radiopaque scalp foreign body. 
1.	Interval increase in number and size of multiple pulmonary and pleural nodules with increasing loculated left pleural effusion and new right pleural effusion.  Findings are consistent with progression of metastatic disease.2.	Increasing left anterior chest wall mass.3.	Stable osseous abnormalities.
Mixed response with some metastatic foci decreasing in size while other areas are larger, and there are new suspicious metastatic lesions.1.Significant interval increase in size and number of enhancing pleural nodules along the posterior left upper lobe, highly suspicious for worsening metastatic disease.2.Interval decrease in size of left lower lobe pulmonary nodules and diffuse infiltrating pleural thickening along the posterior left lower lobe.3.Peripherally enhancing lesion in the right adnexa is worrisome for metastasis, although a hemorrhagic corpus luteum cyst may also be considered.4.Stable size and appearance of hypoattenuating segment 2 hepatic lesion.
1.	No evidence of pulmonary embolus.2.	No significant change in extensive thoracic metastatic disease.
1.Stable exam, no significant change.
(1) Successful ultrasound-guided core biopsy of the right breast 6:00 lesion and Bard coil clip placement. Pathology is pending at this time.(2) Successful ultrasound-guided core biopsy of the left breast 3:00 lesion and Hydromark clip placement. Pathology is pending at this time.BIRADS: 4 - Suspicious Abnormality.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia. Left base better aerated. Small bilateral pleural effusions.
Unchanged cardiopulmonary appearance.
Exam is somewhat limited due to respiratory motion artifact.  The right upper lobe nodule in question measures slightly smaller but remains indeterminate in appearance and an additional 3 month follow-up CT is recommended for both of this lesion and a stable but nodular area of scarring seen more cranially in the right upper lobe.
1. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or calvarial fracture.2. No evidence of maxillofacial fractures.
Multiple stress fractures of the pelvis including those involving the left inferior pubic ramus, right superior and inferior pubic rami, and right femoral neck. Additional fractures are better seen on recent MRI.
1.  Right periventricular hypodensity involving the caudate and lentiform nucleus compatible with an old ischemic event.2.  Chronic small vessel ischemic disease of the white matter of indeterminate age.3.  Right nasopharyngeal soft tissue lesion which is incompletely characterized on this study.  A neoplastic process cannot be excluded.Recommend follow-up soft tissue CT of the neck and correlation with clinical examination for further evaluation.
Severe osteoarthritis. No acute abnormalities.
No fracture, malalignment, or other findings to account for the patient's pain. If there is strong clinical concern for acromioclavicular joint separation, bilateral acromioclavicular radiographs with and without weights may be considered.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSA - Screening Mammogram.
1.	There is no detectable acute intracranial process. CT however is insensitive for early detection of acute nonhemorrhagic ischemic strokes.2.	Complete resolution of previously noted left cerebellar hemorrhage an with residual focus of encephalomalacia.3.	Grossly stable age indeterminate mild small vessel ischemic strokes.
1.Right breast mass 10 o'clock position, for which ultrasound guided biopsy is recommended to rule out fibroadenoma vs IDC.2.Left breast duct ectasia with three adjacent intraductal masses from the 3-4 o'clock positions, for which ultrasound guided biopsy is recommended for the two more lateral suspicious masses (labeled 2 and 3) are recommended.3.Left breast 2:30 suspicious mass. 4.Results and recommendations were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 4 - Suspicious Abnormality.RECOMMENDATION: H - Percutaneous Biopsy/Aspiration.
Right total knee arthroplasty and left knee osteoarthritis.
Vertical lucency of the distal clavicle concerning for nondisplaced fracture. Severe osteoarthritis with high riding humeral head suggestive of chronic rotator cuff tear.
1.  Right ventricular mass appears to project from the anterior wall.  This could represent metastatic disease and/or thrombus, though a metastatic lesion is favored.  Correlation with cardiac echo is suggested.2. Right lower lobe pulmonary embolic material could represent bland thrombus or possibly tumor embolic material.  3.  Progression of metastatic of disease in the lungs with multiple new large pulmonary nodules.These findings were discussed with Dr. Tanguy Seiwert at 4:45 p.m. on 9/1/2009 prior to the time of this dictation.
1. There is no evidence of acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion.2. Non visualization of previously recognized restricted diffusion lesions on the left inferior frontal lobe but can still recognizable on FLAIR images. Lessen signal intensity and smaller in size of the anterior vermis lesion on FLAIR images without evidence enhancement. Again diagnostic possibilities include evolving subacute ischemic lesions and demyelinating lesions. Follow up imaging study and clinical correlation might be valuable for the differential diagnosis.
1.Density and enhancement characteristics of left adrenal nodule consistent with an adenoma minimally increased in size compared to 2/4/2014.2.Normal size ovaries with a left ovarian cyst is measured above.3.Cholelithiasis.
Stable diffuse the interstitial and airspace opacities and bilateral pleural effusions.
Chronic deformity of the radius and ulna without acute fracture or malalignment.
1.No specific signs of residual or recurrent tumor in the vaginal cuff. 2.Nonspecific mildly enlarged right pelvic lymph node.
1.	No acute intracranial abnormality.2.	Mild white matter change, non specific and age indeterminate.3.	Pansinusitis has progressed since the prior CT study of 2006.  Hyperdensity of the sinus opacification; fungal sinusitis cannot be excluded.
Right subpulmonic pneumothorax unchanged.
1.Markedly hypermetabolic lesion in the superior segment of the left lower lobe is compatible with tumor, possibly a primary lung cancer.2.Irregular markedly hypermetabolic posterior right hepatic lobe lesions, which are compatible with tumor and could represent metastases or, given the recent biopsy, primary hepatic lesions.3.Only weakly FDG avid subcutaneous left thigh mass is suggestive of a benign etiology, although a non-FDG avid malignancy is not entirely excluded.
1.	No CT evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage.  2.	Stable cystic right thalamic/interpeduncular lesion.3.	Stable ventricular shunt catheters.  4.	Mildly fluctuating ventricular size over the prior two exams.
No significant interval change1. No acute intracranial abnormality. 2.   Stable ill defined enhancing lesion involving the right lateral oral tongue,  but no evidence of lymphadenopathy.   3.  Left upper lung lobe spiculated nodule is incompletely imaged, please refer to dedicated chest CT for further characterization.  4.  Stable post-radiation changes as described.
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.
Healing Salter IV fracture of the humerus.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSA - Screening Mammogram.
Normal examination.
Suppurative and non-suppurative adenopathy.Sternocleidomastoid myositis.
1.	Interval evolution and decreased mass effect of the PCA territory infarction  now with interval development of multiple punctate foci of intraparenchymal hyperattenuation most likely representing punctate intraparenchymal hemorrhages.2.	The current infarct age indeterminate involving the right thalamus. One possibility is that it developed at the time of the PCA infarction.
Right flank subcutaneous soft tissue focus with surrounding soft tissue infiltration suggestive for hematoma.  No intra-abdominal/pelvic acute abnormality.
Cardiomegaly, but no acute abnormality.
1.	Fluid levels are present within both maxillary sinuses, left more so than right.2.	A tiny air-fluid level is present within the right sphenoid sinus. 3.	Fluid is present within a couple right ethmoid air cells.
Stable exam.  No definite evidence of metastatic disease.
Postoperative findings with small amounts of residual tumor in the right paraclinoid region. 
No evidence of progression of disease.
Unremarkable study.
1.  No pulmonary embolism to the segmental level.  Patchy multifocal ground glass opacities suggestive of an infectious or inflammatory process.2.  Multifocal lymphadenopathy may be reactive in etiology, but a chronic inflammatory process such as sarcoidosis cannot be excluded.
Bilateral masses some of which are fibroadenomas, but others of which need further evaluation to ensure benignity. Additional mammographic views and ultrasound evaluation is recommended. This 62 year old denies having prior mammograms, though if she has and they could be submitted, that could mean additional studies would not be needed. BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: EC - Additional Mammo/Ultrasound Workup Required.
1.Total Calcium score was 2.42; 81st percentile for age and gender. 2. Small amorphous 3 mm nodular lesion in the left lower lobe. CT follow-up in 12 months is suggested in a high risk patient. In a low-risk patient, no further follow-up is suggested for this lesion. This portion of the report pertains to the heart and great vessels only. The remaining soft tissues of the thorax and upper abdomen will be interpreted by the attending chest radiologist and included as an addendum to this report.
1. Multiple fractures through the medial femoral condyle, posterior tibial plateau, and proximal fibula as described above.2. Questionable MCL tear.3. Intact menisci and cruciate ligaments. 4. Chondromalacia as described above.
1.Possible mild small bowel ileus. 
Persistent, diffuse pulmonary opacities bilaterally suggestive of ARDS.
Normal
No significant abnormalities. 
Dobbhoff tube tip projects over the proximal gastric body.
No acute abnormalities. 
Diffuse nodular lung disease, right greater than left, in a pattern most consistent with random distribution. Findings are most suggestive of hematogenous spread of infection. Consider nontuberculous mycobacterial pneumonia, tuberculosis, or other atypical infections. Though this pattern would be atypical for pneumocystis pneumonia, this should still be considered given the clinical setting. When these conditions have been excluded, consider lymphocytic interstitial pneumonitis and follicular bronchiolitis.
1.Left adnexal lesion most consistent with dermoid. No adjacent inflammatory changes noted. Please note that CT is insensitive for gynecologic findings. If clinical concern warrants, pelvic ultrasound is recommended for further evaluation.2.The uterus appears enlarged with large amount of intrauterine fluid. 
1.  No evidence of retroperitoneal hemorrhage or large fluid collection in the proximal thighs.2.  Deformity of the hips bilaterally, right greater left, with pseudosubluxation of the right hip joint which may represent effusion or hemarthrosis.  Chronic deformity raises the possibility of osteomyelitis.  If further imaging is clinically indicated, MRI of the hip may be considered.Findings were discussed with Dr. R. Razi at the time of dictation.
1. Distal bowel obstruction.2. Mild diffuse lung haziness. 
No evidence of large intracranial hemorrhage.  No definite large territory infarct suggested, although evaluation is significantly limited by portable technique and patient motion.
Reticulation, honeycombing, and traction bronchiectasis most severe in the right upper lobe. Differential considerations include atypical UIP, connective tissue disease related ILD, or less likely chronic hypersensitivity pneumonitis.
Persistent large amount of residual contrast in the colon. Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.
Postoperative changes involving the right kidney and simple appearing left renal cyst are unchanged.  No evidence of metastatic or recurrent disease.
1.	Acute on chronic left maxillary sinus disease, left-sided ethmoid sinus disease and minimally of the left chamber of the sphenoid sinus.  There is also subtle increased soft tissue density in the left nasal cavity which may represent mucosal thickening or polyp.  Opacification of left middle to right concha bullosa.  Mild nasal septum deviation to the right without bony septal spur.2.	Unremarkable paranasal sinuses otherwise.
Nonspecific airspace opacity and pleural effusions with no acute change.
Stable reference measurements as above.
1.	No evidence of residual or recurrence of disease in the neck.2.	Negative CT of the brain and calvarium with infusion.
Approximately 4 degrees of valgus angulation compared to the neutral mechanical axis.
No acute abnormalities and no significant change.Note that the pelvis was not included on this examination.   
1.Nonobstructive right renal calculus.
1.Cholelithiasis similar in appearance to prior CT exam.2.Markedly distended bladder to above the level the umbilicus.
Persistent coxa valga deformity.
Dobbhoff tube tip projects over the proximal gastric body.
1.Multiple T2 hyperintense cysts or lobules are evident involving the right sacral ala and right iliac bone. No clear correlating lesions are seen on a recent CT examination from 2/12/2016, nor are any such lesions seen on older MRI examinations from 2015 and 2014. These lesions appear to be confined within the marrow space of the bone and do not significantly encroach upon the sacral nerve roots. One possible explanation is that these lesions represent intraosseous hemorrhage, possibly secondary to bone marrow biopsy or some other mild trauma. Follow-up CT of the pelvis can be considered to reevaluate for osseous integrity. In addition, the patient could return for postcontrast MRI imaging to assess for the possibility, albeit unlikely, of a neoplastic process.2.Bone marrow signal characteristics are diffusely abnormal compatible with patient's diagnosis of myelofibrosis. A moderate compression deformity of the L2 vertebral body is seen, though there is no marrow edema suggesting that it is chronic. No significant epidural pathology is suspected. No high-grade spinal canal or neuroforaminal stenosis is observed.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. Given increased breast parenchymal density, ultrasound may be used to complement screening mammograms.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSD - Screening Mammogram.
1.	Interval increase in size of the ventricular system, which likely represents hydrocephalus related to shunt malfunction.2.	Interval decrease of the extra-axial fluid collections.
Sinus disease, but otherwise normal brain CT.
1.  Right posterior occipitoparietal encephalomalacia.  2.  Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age and lacunar infarcts as described above.3.  Right preseptal periorbital and frontal hematoma without evidence of an underlying fracture. 4.  Degenerative disease affects the cervical spine as described above.  No evidence of fracture. Grade 1 anterolisthesis of C3 on C4.  5.  Atherosclerosis.  
Stable examination without metastatic process.
No free air.
Stable appearance of the chest with postsurgical left hemithorax volume loss.
1.L2/3: Mild to moderate right lateral recess and moderate right neural foraminal stenosis.2.L3/4: Moderate left lateral recess and mild to moderate right neural foraminal stenosis.3.L4/5: Mild central, mild bilateral lateral recess, and moderate left neural foraminal stenosis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography.
Enteric tube tip projects over the antropyloric region.
Persistent distention: Uncertain etiology. No discrete transition zone. Ileus versus incomplete obstruction colon.
No evidence of interstitial fibrosis or other significant cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Severely limited exam however without any gross intracranial pathology.
Findings compatible with progressive loosening of left total elbow arthroplasty.
No evidence of sinusitis. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality, without significant interval change.
Mild interstitial pulmonary edema.
Left neck mass lesion and likely metastatic lesion in the left lower lobe consistent with stated history of metastatic head and neck cancer.Superior left lower lobe, left pectoralis major, and partial left lobe of the liver postsurgical changes.
1. No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage or mass effect. 2. Small vessel ischemic disease that has progressed since the last exam. Please note CT is insensitive for the detection of acute non-hemorrhagic infarcts, and MRI should be considered if there is continued clinical suspicion.3. Moderate to severe bilateral opacification of the mastoid air cells, worse since previous exam. Please correlate clinically.
1.Slightly limited examination with no evidence of pulmonary embolism.2.Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis and trace right pleural effusion.3.Incomplete fusion of the sternal body again redemonstrated at the level of the third ribs.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
1. Laceration of the upper lip with fracture-deformity of the nasal septum, as well as an angulated fracture of the left maxillary bone frontal process and deformity of the right nasal suture.2. No acute intracranial hemorrhage or calvarial fracture. 3. Probable chronic small vessel ischemic disease and a small chronic infarction in the right cerebellar hemisphere. However, non-contrast CT is insensitive for the detection of non-hemorrhagic acute infarct.4. Nonspecific partial opacification of the left mastoid air cells. I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Interval gastrostomy tube placement.
Lateral humeral condylar fracture in near anatomic alignment.
Normal
1.	Again seen is hemorrhage in both lateral ventricles, third ventricle, and fourth ventricle which has slightly decreased, especially within the fourth ventricle. 2.	No evidence of new hemorrhage.3.	No change in ventricular sizes.4.	Vasogenic edema in right parietal and temporal lobes appears unchanged.
1. No evidence of lung mass.2. Mild bronchial wall thickening and atelectasis in the right lung associated with mild lymphadenopathy, most likely the result of prior aspiration.3. Mildly enlarged intrathoracic lymph nodes favored to be benign but can be conservatively followed if patient is found to have a malignancy elsewhere.4. Severe emphysema. Posterolateral left lower lobe lung herniation through surgical rib defects, correlate for symptoms.
1. No evidence of acute hemorrhage, edema, or mass effect.2. Volume loss of the anterior medial temporal lobes, which can be seen in Alzheimer's dementia.
Iimproved right-sided hydronephrosis when compared to prior CT. Right-sided stent visualized at the level of the right renal pelvis and within the bladder.Mildly echogenic kidneys.
1. Marked degeneration of the anterior and posterior glenoid labrum.2. Full-thickness tear through the supraspinatus tendon with retraction.3. Fraying of the long head of the biceps tendon.
Unchanged pulmonary opacities and pleural effusions.
1. Interval development of subpleural left lower lobe adjacent fluid collection that may be consistent with abscess.2. Unchanged diffuse, severe centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema with apical bullae.3. No new suspicious nodules or lymphadenopathy.4. Mucous plugging and retained fluid in the esophagus consistent with aspiration.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Negative. 
No significant interval change
1.Reference measurements are above with no evidence of local recurrent disease. No new sites of disease.2.Patchy enhancement of the left kidney is increased from the prior exam may represent infection.
No displaced rib fractures. Recommend dedicated rib radiographs for further evaluation. 
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.   BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
ET tube in acceptable position. Catheter tip in the left axilla.
1. No evidence of a biliary duct stone or intrahepatic or extrahepatic ductal dilation. The gallbladder surgically absent.2. There is an area of increased echogenicity inferior to the spleen that likely represents perisplenic fat or visualized bowel.
Benign appearing mandibular lesion as described above.
Normal.
1. Stable post-treatment findings in the neck without evidence of measurable locoregional tumor recurrence or significant lymphadenopathy in the neck.2. Significant steno-occlusive disease at the origin of the left internal carotid artery secondary to atherosclerosis. Doppler ultrasound may be useful for further characterization.3. Persistent fluid collection in the right lung apex. Please refer to the separate chest CT report for additional details.
Stable appearance of right lung masses and post surgical changes.
No evidence of acute intracranial process.  Findings suggesting mild chronic white matter ischemic disease and old lacunar infarction.
1.	Small bowel obstruction with transition point in the midline lower abdomen at a surgical anastomotic site.2.	Stable infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysm.3.	New, reticulonodular opacities at the lung bases.  Short-term follow-up is recommended.4.	These findings were discussed with Dr. Fleming at 9:30 on 5/31/11.
Subacute nonhemorrhagic left MCA stroke.
Successful CT-guided L4-5 disc and bone biopsy.
Stable right upper lobe nodule which is almost certainly benign and is consistent with a healing calcified granuloma.
Minimal maxillary sinus disease.
Minimal osteoarthritis and probable small joint effusion without acute fracture or dislocation.
1. Mild interval decrease in colonic stool burden.2. Dobbhoff tube coiled and kinked in the stomach.
Large right and moderate left pleural effusions are likely unchanged when allowing for differences in patient positioning.
1. No significant intracranial abnormality. Mild global volume loss slightly greater than expected for patient's stated age.2. Incidental note made of slight crowding at the foramen magnum with low lying cerebellar tonsils which are otherwise unremarkable. Findings do not meet criteria of Chiari I malformation at this time, although clinical correlation is recommended. CSF flow imaging could be obtained as clinically indicated.
1.Continued interval response to therapy with decreasing lymphadenopathy.2.No new sites of metastatic disease evident.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.No significant interval change in biliary ductal irregularity compatible with known primary sclerosing cholangitis.2.Cirrhotic hepatic morphology without interval development of a dominant stricture, biliary ductal dilatation or suspicious hepatobiliary lesions.
No acute abnormality.
No unexplained radiopaque foreign bodies within limitations described
New right pleural drain and no other significant change.
1.  New postsurgical changes for resection of a mass seen in the right temporal parietal region with small amount of hemorrhagic product.  No other significant interval change.
1. Stable post treatment change in the neck soft tissue. 2. There is no pathologic lymphadenopathy.3. No evidence of brain metastases. 4. Asymmetry of the palatine tonsils with right side prominence. No associated fluid collection or discrete mass. Correlate with direct inspection.
CT angiography demonstrates either hypoplastic right A1 segment or involvement by tumor with only a small residual lumen identified of the right A1 segment.  The remainder of the intracranial vasculature is unremarkable.There is heterogeneous density within the inferior -aspect of the right frontal lobe at the site of the patient's known tumor.  This could represent subacute hemorrhage.  The extent of tumor was better visualized by recent MRI.
No evidence of metastatic disease.
1. Medical renal disease. 2. Non-obstructing left nephrolithiasis and bilateral renal cysts.3. Moderate to marked ascites. 
Questionable early edema, see limitations described
Left PICC tip in the SVC.
1.Left upper pole enhancing renal lesion is increased in size and suspicious for renal cell carcinoma. Additional subcentimeter lesions are also likely enhancing and suspicious for neoplasm but are too small to definitely characterize.2.Increased pancreatic cysts.
1. Multifocal regions of precontrast increased and vasogenic edema consistent with hemorrhage.2.  Focal area left posterior parietal subdural fluid collection with adjacent enhancement which is concerning for subacute hemorrhage or intracranial abscess.  3.  Lack of visualization of the left transverse sinus cannot rule out underlying thrombosis and may be further evaluated with MRV or CTV as clinically indicated.
Mild osteoarthritis of the elbow without evidence of a loose body. Other findings as described above.
Interval increase in size of left subdural hematoma.
Greater than average stool burden, without evidence of bowel obstruction.
New bilateral pulmonary opacities may represent atelectasis and/or pneumonia.
Continued lung base opacities and pleural effusions.
1. The left ventricle is normal in size and systolic function (LVEF 54%). There are no regional wall motion abnormalities present. The wall thickness is mildly increased. Native T1-mapping and T2-star imaging do not support the diagnosis of cardiac amyloidosis or myocardial iron overload. 2. The right ventricle is normal in size and systolic function (RVEF 52%).3. The left atrium is mildly dilated.4. Mild dilation of the main pulmonary artery. 5. Iron overload was noted in the liver and spleen.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.	No evidence of any acute new finding since prior exam.2.	Stable multiple subacute/hemorrhagic strokes as detailed.3.	No evidence of new hemorrhage, midline shift or hydrocephalus.
1.No evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease. 2.Minor contrast extravasation without complication as above.
1.  No acute intracranial abnormalities.2.  Significant interval decrease in size of extra-axial fluid collections and ventricular dilatation.
1.	No evidence of recurrence of disease in neck.2.	Apparent prominence of the right vocal cord of questionable clinical significance.  Correlate with history and physical exam.3.	Normal CT of brain and calvarium.
1. No evidence of leptomeningeal metastatic disease. No cord signal abnormality.2. Enhancing lesion involving the T3 vertebral body may represent a benign lesion such as atypical hemangioma but is nonspecific. Examination of the cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spine is otherwise unremarkable.
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern. No free intraperitoneal air.
Slightly disorganized, nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.
No evidence of metastatic disease in the abdomen or pelvis.1. 
1. Successful ultrasound-guided core biopsy of the right breast lesion and clip placement. Pathology is pending at this time.2. Successful stereotactic biopsy of the suspicious left calcifications and marking clip placement. Clip position is displaced medially by about 2 cm. Pathology is pending at this time.BIRADS: 4 - Suspicious Abnormality.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
Soft tissue swelling without fracture evident. Tiny defect in the head of the first metatarsal could conceivably represent a small chronic erosion, but this is equivocal.
Ascites with multiple loculations throughout the abdomen.  No evidence of retroperitoneal bleeding.  Right intramuscular hematoma within the adductor muscles.Massive splenomegaly perihepatic calcifications are unchanged.Right-sided pleural effusion is slightly increased.Possible left lower lobe pneumonia.Dr. Pouch was notified at the time of dictation.
1. No abnormal mass or enhancement to suggest pachymeningitis as questioned.2. Moderate levoscoliosis of the lumbar spine with apex at the L2-L3 level as seen previously.3. Mild degenerative changes with mild left L5-S1 neural foraminal narrowing. No significant spinal canal or foraminal stenosis in the remainder of the lumbar spine.
Improvement in multifocal pneumonia.
Moderate pleural effusions with atelectasis.
No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage, edema, or mass effect. 
Increased bibasilar opacities consistent with atelectasis or consolidation.
Benign-appearing right upper lobe nodule consistent with the patient's history. No other significant abnormality.
Cardiomegaly with subtle edema consistent with CHF/hypervolemia.
Degenerative arthritic changes and other findings as described above without acute fracture evident.
Near resolution of prior pulmonary opacities which may have represented acute edema or aspiration.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.  BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1.No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or skull fracture.2.Stable mild cerebral volume loss and probable small vessel ischemic disease. However, non-contrast CT is insensitive for the detection of non-hemorrhagic acute infarct.3. Chronic deformity of the left lamina papyracea may be related to prior trauma. I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
No evidence of bowel ischemia or large vessel vasculitis as clinically queried.  No imaging findings to suggest an etiology for patient's abdominal pain.
Normal examination.
No evidence of acute fracture or specific evidence of osteomyelitis.
1.	No definite evidence of acute intra-abdominal process within limits of exam.2.	Cholelithiasis.3.	Small subcutaneous fluid collection by the umbilicus may be a postoperative seroma and is of uncertain significance.  Correlation with clinical exam recommended.4.	Incompletely characterized left native renal lesions.  Small soft tissue attenuation focus in the lower pole may represent a complex cyst, however neoplasm cannot be excluded.  Correlation with prior studies is recommended to ensure stability.  Otherwise, follow-up CT or MRI, preferably with contrast, is recommended for further characterization.
1. Left temporal intraparenchymal hematoma and left temporoparietal subdural and subarachnoid hemorrhage status post recent left STA-MCA bypass, without significant interval change in size. 2. Cerebral volume loss and extensive areas of white matter hypoattenuation, which are nonspecific, but may represent chronic microvascular disease, as well as chronic lacunar infarcts in the basal ganglia and thalami. If there is concern for acute ischemia, consider MRI for further evaluation.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1- multiple new liver lesions and increase in size of the previously identified lesion is consistent with progression of metastatic disease.2- lung nodule identified superior to the minor fissure may represent fluid collection versus lymph node versus metastatic disease.3- multifocal lung opacities in both lungs concerning for infection.
The study is limited as it is insensitive for subtle lesions or lymphadenopathy due to the lack of intravenous contrast.1. No intracranial metastasis. 2. No evidence residual/recurrent neoplasm or lymphadenopathy.  
Multiple subtle areas of hyperattenuation with associated edema, without significant generalized mass effect or midline shift, new from prior exam, concerning for multiple parenchymal mass lesions. Contrast enhanced MRI is recommended for further characterization.Findings discussed with emergency department by Dr. Collins on 5/9/2015 at 12:30 PM.
Unremarkable evaluation. No acute infarct or intracranial hemorrhage. Myelination is appropriate for calculated gestational age. 
1.  No evidence of fracture or soft tissue abnormality.2.  Extensive pansinusitis likely chronic.
Previously noted nodular area of interstitial and groundglass opacity in the right upper lobe has resolved. There is a new area of interstitial and nodular opacity at the right lung base which is more typical of aspirate or infection than metastatic disease though continued follow-up is recommended. Other small nonspecific pulmonary nodules are unchanged.
1. Limited examination due to significant metallic artifact. Posterior decompression changes and instrumented posterior fusion from T12 to L5 with pedicular screws from L3 to S1 levels is demonstrated. The instrumentation appears intact without evidence for loosening or fracture. There is encroachment upon the right T12-L1 foramen and left L3-L4 foramen by bony fusion.2. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with loss of intervertebral disc space and predominantly left paracentral endplate osteophyte formation causing multilevel left lateral recess narrowing from T5 to T9 levels.3. A posterior central osteophyte at T8-T9 causes moderate central spinal stenosis.4. Additional degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine as described above.5. There is mild developmental spinal canal narrowing throughout the thoracic spine as well as dextro scoliosis of the lower lumbar spine with apex at L3.
Postoperative findings related to right parotid tumor resection without evidence of gross measurable residual tumor, although portions of the neck are obscured by dental artifact. 
Soft tissue swelling and osteoarthritis.
Postsurgical changes with a partial wedge resection of the right upper lobe.
Mild right basilar atelectasis or scarring with no other sign of aspiration.
1.Postsurgical changes from a partial gastrectomy without evident bowel obstruction.2.Mildly dilated common bile duct at 10 mm which is unchanged.
No significant abnormality.
Severe osteoarthritic changes of the left hip and other findings as described above.
1.	 Postoperative changes of bilateral maxillary sinuses with no evidence of residual sinus disease.2.	Sinusitis of bilateral ethmoid sinuses and minimally of the maxillary sinus and dependent portion of bilateral frontal sinuses.
Mild basilar atelectasis but no specific evidence of pneumonia.
Unremarkable upper GI and small bowel follow-through. No evidence of obstruction.Bilateral renal stones as seen on the recent CT of the abdomen and pelvis.
Equivocal mild edema. Resolved basilar atelectasis and removal of epicardial pacemaker leads.
Mild osteoarthritis and postsurgical changes without evidence of erosions. 
As above.  No specific findings to explain the patient's abdominal pain.
No evidence of pulmonary embolism.  Mild dependent subsegmental atelectasis is present.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1.  Left breast mass and diffuse skeletal metastatic disease appearing similar to the prior exam.  Stable pulmonary micronodules.  2.  Paramediastinal radiation fibrosis, small left pleural effusion and scattered subsegmental atelectasis appears grossly unchanged.3.  No new findings to account for the patient's change in symptoms.
No evidence of metastatic disease.
1. Interval expected postprocedural changes following right frontal lobe mass laser ablation, with minimal speckled hyperdensity remaining within the area of the lesion which likely relates to mineralization. No acute intracranial hemorrhage.2. Left dorsal pontine metastasis not well delineated, although mild localized mass effect upon the fourth ventricular margin is appreciated. Left occipital lobe metastases are not identified on this noncontrast CT.
Persistent pulmonary interstitial emphysema. Almost no bowel gas.
Subsegmental atelectasis of the right lower lobe.
1.No evidence of active hemorrhage.2.Extensive colonic diverticulosis, no evidence of diverticulitis.3.Stable cystic pancreatic lesions.4.Right inguinal hernia contains unobstructed small bowel.
Preoperative planning MRI demonstrates a right vestibular schwannoma. Please refer to the recent MRI for additional details.
Diffuse wall thickening of the bladder. Right lower lobe nodule and bilateral mild-to-moderate hydronephrosis, unchanged. Hypodense small liver lesions are also unchanged.
Bilateral reverse shoulder arthroplasties in anatomical alignment and without evidence of hardware complication.
Chronic changes of sickle cell disease without focal pulmonary opacity.
Apparent mildly asymmetric prominence of the left palatine tonsil, which is nonspecific, although neoplasm cannot be entirely excluded and endoscopy may be useful for further evaluation. Otherwise, no evidence of significant cervical lymphadenopathy by size criteria. 
1. There is a densely calcified plaque in the distal left main resulting in the 35 to 49% stenosis. There is a significantly calcified segment in the mid RCA; the presence of a significant stenosis in this territory can not be completely excluded.  There are no significant stenoses in the remainder of the RCA.2.  Dilated thoracic aorta with a maximum diameter of 46mm in the ascending aorta. The rest of the dimensions are listed above.  There is no significant change when compared side-by-side to the study performed on 12/12/2008.3.  A patent foramen ovale is noted.This portion of the report pertains to the heart and great vessels only.  The remaining soft tissues of the thorax and upper abdomen will be interpreted by the attending chest radiologist and included as an addendum to this report.
Negative nonenhanced head CT.
1. Bibasilar atelectasis, left greater than right, with small left pleural effusion; cannot exclude superimposed infection.2. Small air containing fistulous tract spanning from the esophagus to the left mainstem bronchus.3. Pulmonary edema pattern, as above.4. Mediastinal and hilar lymphadenopathy, likely reactive.
No acute pulmonary abnormality.
Marked osteoarthritis of the right hip. No fracture.
No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage or mass effect. No skull fracture.
1. Enteric feeding tube tip again projects over the gastroesophageal junction and needs to be advanced. 2. Multiple dilated loops of small bowel with a distal small bowel obstruction pattern.
Right total knee arthroplasty without evidence of interval complication or new findings to suggest recurrence
Moderate to severe left knee osteoarthritis.
Soft tissue swelling and slight widening of the medial tibiotalar joint space on the stress view. No acute fracture identified. 
No interval change in the mild nonspecific basilar interstitial opacities.
Absent left kidney. Normal appearing right kidney without hydronephrosis.*SFU grading system: Grade 0: No hydronephrosis. Grade 1: The renal pelvis is visualized. Grade 2: A few but not all of the calices are identified in addition to the renal pelvis. Grade 3: Virtually all the calices are seen. Grade 4: Grade 3 and parenchymal thinning. **SFU grading system retrovesical ureter: Grade 0: No ureteral dilatation. Grade 1: Ureter less than 7 mm. Grade 2: Ureter is 7-10 mm. Grade 3: Ureter is over 10 mm. Fernbach SK, Maizels M, Conway JJ. Ultrasound Grading of Hydronephrosis: Introduction to the System used by the Society for Fetal Urology. Pediatric Radiology (1993) 23: 478-480.***Rosenbaum DM, Korngold E, Teele RL. Sonographic Assessment of Renal Length in Normal Children. AJR Am J. Roentgenol (1984) 142:467-469
Misplacement of ET tube and umbilical line.Bilateral diffuse lung haziness consistent with TTN versus RDS.Disorganized, nonspecific abdominal gas pattern.. If concerns of perforation are clinically present a crosstable lateral examination of the abdomen is recommended due to the lucency overlying the liver which is most likely artifactual.
1.	Small retention cyst within the right maxillary sinus as measured above.2.	Well pneumatized paranasal sinuses otherwise and no evidence of acute or chronic sinus disease.3.	Nasal septum deviation to the left with no septal spur.4.	No evidence of any bony abnormality with the above findings.
Widespread osseous metastatic disease.
Possible small supraorbital scalp contusion, but no evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or skull fracture.
1.Patient is status post, embolic coil occlusion of a aneurysm at the level of a fenestration of the proximal basilar artery, associated with increasing central recurrence of the aneurysm.2.The patient is status post embolic coil occlusion of a left paraclinoid aneurysm without evidence for recurrence 3.prior right frontal ventriculostomy tract.
1. Mild chronic small vessel ischemic changes.2. Decreased signal on the ADC maps in the left posterior temporal occipital white matter without corresponding diffusion or FLAIR changes. These findings are likely artifactual, but could be confirmed with short-term follow-up MRI including coronal diffusion images. Please correlate with clinical symptoms.
No significant abnormality.  Specifically, no abnormality to account for the chest x-ray finding.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient and with her husband who translated.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
Preoperative planning MRI demonstrates a mass in the right cerebellar hemisphere treatment bed, which likely represents recurrent neuroblastoma.
Stable small right pneumothorax and pleural effusions/basilar opacities.
No significant arthritic changes. Focal bony infarct in the tibia.
1. Numerous supratentorial and infratentorial parenchymal hyperattenuating lesions most consistent with intracranial metastatic disease. MRI of the brain recommended for complete evaluation.2. Area of hypoattenuation in the left occipital lobe without significant associated volume loss may represent an area of vasogenic edema relating to metastatic lesions in this area, as there is dural thickening and enhancement. This can be further assessed on MRI.3. Subtle questioned asymmetric prominence of the extra-axial space along the left lateral aspect of the posterior fossa. A small chronic subdural collection cannot be excluded.4. Postoperative changes from prior right frontal cranioplasty and areas of right frontal encephalomalacia likely relating to prior right paraclinoid region aneurysm clipping.
Postoperative changes of ileal resection without evidence of residual inflammatory changes or partial small bowel obstruction as clinically questioned.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality
1.	No evidence of intra-abdominal injury. 2.	Distended stomach. 3.	Peripheral right lung base consolidation most consistent with atelectasis, however, lung contusion may be possible in the setting of trauma. 4.	Right femoral fracture. 
There are no significant coronary artery stenoses present.Moderate LAE with thickening of the mitral leaflets, posterior greater than anterior.
No acute intracranial abnormality. 
1. Left-sided simple renal cyst. Otherwise normal parenchymal echogenicity. No hydronephrosis.2. Interval enlargement of left pleural effusion.
Normal examination.
Endotracheal tube tip 5 cm above the carina. Otherwise no significant interval change in cardiopulmonary appearance.
1.Multiple intramural and subserosal fibroids as described above.2.Urethra diverticulum.
Normal examination.  
Status post cystectomy with neobladder.  No evidence for acute or metastatic process.  Moderate-sized hiatal hernia.Multiple cystic foci within the liver.  While many of these are too small to characterize, the largest represent benign cysts.
Progressive increased size of mass involving the posterior bladder.  Other findings are stable. 
1.  No acute intracranial abnormality.2.  Nonspecific hypoattenuating foci are seen in the periventricular white matter may represent ischemic/inflammatory process and clinical correlation is recommended. 
Interval increased small right pleural effusion and pulmonary masses/nodules. Abdominal and pelvic findings are not significantly changed.
1. Findings compatible with mild plantar fasciitis as described above, without evidence of a tear of the plantar fascia.2. Peroneal tenosynovitis with possible partial-thickness longitudinal split tear of the peroneus brevis.3. Findings suggestive of sinus tarsus inflammation as described above.4. Osteoarthritis of the talonavicular joint which may be secondary to prior trauma.5. Os trigonum as described above.
Motion artifact makes detailed cardiopulmonary evaluation difficult. Question of mild pulmonary edema though this may be related to motion artifact.
1. Interval regression of the suprasellar mass. 2. Interval improvement of cervical lymphadenopathy. 3. No acute intracranial abnormality. 4. Paranasal sinus disease. 
1. Enteric tube coiled in the stomach with tip terminating in the distribution of the gastric fundus.2. Findings consistent with small bowel obstruction. 
1.No suspicious hepatic lesion. Cirrhosis with sequela of portal hypertension.2.TIPS shunt patency cannot directly be evaluated given artifact described above. However it was patent on recent ultrasound. Similar to recent ultrasound, the left portal vein is not seen.
Status post dorsal nerve root stimulator placement.  Degenerative disk disease of the lumbar spine as described above.Extensive atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta and branching arteries.
1. No acute intracranial hemorrhage.2. Hypoattenuation in the left posterior temporal lobe, correlates with the site of the previously noted enhancing lesion.3. Stable postsurgical findings from left frontal craniotomy.4. Stable opacification of the left mastoid air cells.
1. Frontal scalp laceration and contusion without evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or skull fracture.2. No evidence of maxillofacial fractures.3. Subcentimeter right submandibular duct calculus.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography.
There is no compromise to the cervical spinal canal or exiting nerve roots.
Interval increase in the size of the mesenteric lymph nodes.
Atherosclerotic calcification of the abdominal aorta, without aneurysm.
No acute intracranial abnormality.  
1. Examination for operative planning and intraoperative navigation. No masses or abnormal vascular structures are seen along the expected trajectory of DBS leads.2. Focal areas of volume loss involving the posterior cerebellar hemispheres bilaterally likely related to chronic infarcts and new since prior from 10/13/2011. 3. Mild generalized volume loss supra- and infratentorially. 4. Multiple foci of chronic microhemorrhage which are predominantly in a peripheral lobar distribution and favored to represent amyloid angiopathy. 
1. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or mass effect. No evidence of a calvarial fracture.2. Mild volume loss and mild degree of likely age-indeterminate small vessel ischemic disease.
1. Stable reference measurements as above.2. Stable osseous sclerotic foci.
Bilateral deep brain stimulation electrodes as described above. No acute intracranial abnormality. 
No evidence of intracranial mass lesion or any acute intracranial abnormality.
Dobbhoff tube the tip projecting over the body of the stomach
1.	Right upper lobe mass with interval progression in size and progression in local invasion involving the right chest wall, hilum, superior pulmonary vein, and pericardium as described above. Increasing right upper lobe interlobular septal thickening, ground glass opacity, and multifocal airspace opacity likely represents a combination of local tumor spread and obstructive consolidation/atelectasis. 2.	No evidence of metastatic disease within the upper abdomen.
Interval removal of nasogastric tube.
No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1.A few parietal convexity foci of hyperdensity consistent with acute blood products, likely subarachnoid in location, although minimal peripheral parenchymal contusions are not excluded. These are likely posttraumatic in etiology.2.Areas of transversely oriented linear lucency along the posterior parietal bones as detailed above, including findings crossing midline. These are consistent with nondisplaced fractures, with the more posterior finding less well demarcated suggesting that it may be less acute.3.No definite extra-axial hematoma identified, although there is questioned subtle asymmetric obscuration of the subarachnoid space underlying the area of injury. MRI would be more sensitive to evaluate for a thin collection. 4.Significant left parietal scalp swelling, relating to subgaleal hematoma and/or soft tissue edema.
Mild osteoarthritis of the hands, feet, and knees without radiographic evidence of inflammatory arthritis.
No significant abnormality.
Progressive atelectasis of the left lung, consider associated pneumonia and moderate left pleural effusion.
1.Findings compatible with aspiration/bronchiolitis involving the lower lobes.2.No evidence of metastatic disease.
1. No CT evidence of acute territorial ischemia. Multiple foci of subcortical white matter hypoattenuation presumed to represent small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age.2. No acute intracranial hemorrhage
No pulmonary embolism.
1. No post-traumatic abnormalities identified.2. Decreased attenuation of the spleen relative to the liver of uncertain etiology.
Slight interval improvement of the large hepatic mass causing tumor thrombus in the main portal vein . Slight interval decrease in the metastatic lung lesions and metastatic adenopathy.
Above average stool burden in the rectum. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Postoperative changes from pleurodesis on the left. No evidence of pneumothorax.
1. Unremarkable CT head. 2. Several nonenhancing, nonpathologic lymph nodes at Level II and IV as described above.  3. Left thyroid nodule. 4. Mediastinal lymph nodes. Please refer to dedicated CT chest for details. 5. Sinus disease. Please refer to dedicated CT sinus for details.  
New large left upper and lower lobe masses adjacent to the mediastinum were not visualized on the previous study from 6/5/2012.  Findings are compatible with progression of metastatic disease.
4.7 cm hypoattenuating lesion at the level of the pancreatic head / uncinate process may represent predominantly necrotic or complex cystic tumor versus inflammatory complication from pancreatitis superimposed on an ill-defined pancreatic neoplasm which would limit the accuracy of this staging evaluation. MRI may be helpful in delimiting an underlying neoplasm. The lesion abuts at least 180 degrees of the superior mesenteric artery. Partial abutment and noninclusive thrombus of the superior mesenteric vein. No evidence of metastatic disease.Upper abdominal lymphadenopathy and inflammatory changes also suggest an element of pancreatitis.
1.	The previously seen enhancement anterior to the left vertebral artery at T1 level is no longer present.2.	No significant cervical lymphadenopathy.3.	No evidence of any intracranial, dural or leptomeningeal metastasis. 4.	No interval change in the left lateral diverticulum of the cervical esophagus at C7 level and may represent a Killian-Jamieson diverticulum.  
Grossly stable right sided pleural mesothelioma as described above.
Multifocal hyperdense mass lesions concerning for hemorrhagic metastases.  Consider further evaluation with contrast enhanced CT or MR.These findings was discussed with Dr Sabina Modelska (pager 3621) at 11:07 am.
1.Low attenuation of the pancreatic head which may be due to manifestation of pancreatitis or simply due to fatty infiltration; recommend correlation with lipase levels.2.No additional specific findings to account for the patient's pain.3.Moderate atherosclerotic disease of the abdominal aorta and its branches, accelerated for patient's age. 
1.  No acute intracranial abnormalities.2.  No evidence of fracture or malalignment in the cervical spine.
1.Significant biatrial dilatation. 2.There is a small left atrial diverticulum at the superior border of the LA. 3.Normal pulmonary vein anatomy.   4.There is no evidence of left atrial appendage thrombus. 5.Mild coronary artery calcification. 6.Enlarged ascending aorta (maximum diameter of 35mm)This portion of the report pertains to the heart and great vessels only.  The remaining soft tissues of the thorax and upper abdomen will be interpreted by the attending chest radiologist and included as an addendum to this report.
A lateral simple renal cortical cysts are again noted. No hydronephrosis.
No evidence of acute appendicitis or adnexal pathology. No apparent etiology of right lower quadrant pain.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography. 
No evidence of pneumothorax.
Probable intra-pulmonary lymph nodes as detailed above.No evidence of nephrolithiasis.  Right adnexal lesion as detailed above could be evaluated further with pelvic ultrasound.  Liver and renal hypodensities other nonspecific and do not necessarily require further evaluation unless clinically indicated.
1. No intracranial metastasis. 2. No mass or lymphadenopathy in the soft tissues of the neck. 3. Please refer to dedicated CT chest for pulmonary finding. 
Interval increase in size of the left large pneumothorax. Endotracheal tube directing toward the right main bronchus. Readjustment of the endotracheal tube is recommended.
No focal lung opacity.
Postoperative change.
No evidence of hemomediastinum or hemopericardium.
Long-segment bulbar urethral stricture measuring approximately 2.7 cm with a shorter segment identified distally measuring approximately 5 mm.
1.	Increased size of left adrenal and a peripancreatic metastatic lesions.  2.	Stable mesenteric mass.3.	Nonobstructive left inguinal hernia with sigmoid colon.  A small amount of fluid is seen in the hernia sac which is nonspecific, but can be seen in the setting of bowel ischemia.
1.Interval resolution of gallbladder fossa collection and removal of left dermoid cyst.2.Interval increase in size and number of lymphadenopathy near site of known rectal carcinoma, consistent with progression of disease.
High-grade obstruction of the duodenum at D2/D3. Differential considerations include secondary to edematous bowel as in setting of enteritis (particularly based on bowel wall thickening apparent on earlier CT imaging), but obstruction secondary to underlying masslesion not excluded; further evaluation with endoscopy or direct visualization should be.These findings were discussed with Dr. Uppal at 1020 on 1/21/2016.
1.	Since the previous examination.  The patient's neck lymphadenopathy has regressed.  Currently in the base of size criteria alone there is no evidence for lymphadenopathy.2.	Degenerative changes in the cervical spine as described above.3.	Atherosclerotic calcifications at the carotid bifurcations and intracranial carotid and vertebral arteries. 
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography.
Large soft tissue mass involving the left iliac bone, adjacent to/involving the left external iliac vein and left ureter, likely metastatic.Moderate left hydronephrosis, chronicity unknown.Left paraaortic adenopathy.
No evidence of metastatic disease. 
Negative left foot examination
Questionable humeral and a definite distal left femoral lesion suspicious for metastatic disease. No lesion appears to represent an immediate pending fracture, however close follow-up and correlation would be recommended given weight-bearing concerns within the femur.
1.	No significant change of intracranial hemorrhage.2.	No evidence of new hemorrhage, ischemic change or change in the size of ventricular system.3.	Unchanged mass effect with midline shift to the right.
No sonographic evidence for malignancy. Simple cyst in the right breast, and mildly dilated ducts in the left breast. Annual screening mammogram is recommended.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
1.No acute intracranial process.2.Left parietal falcine meningioma measuring at 18 x 14 x 17-mm in size. No significant mass effect or associated adjacent brain parenchymal signal abnormality.3.Right posterior frontal meningioma along the inner table of the skull measuring at 9 x 10-mm and the subtle indentation of adjacent parenchyma.4.Slight generalized prominence of cortical sulci which could be within normal for patient's stated age of 72 and unremarkable pre-and post enhanced brain MRI otherwise.
No significant pneumothorax.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains unremarkable, left unilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendations were discussed with the patient. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
Postsurgical changes with consolidation in the right middle lobe.  Underlying mass cannot be excluded in this region.  Otherwise no evidence of metastatic disease.
No intracranial mass lesion, acute intracranial hemorrhage, or hydrocephalus.Mild paranasal sinus disease, unlikely to account for headache complains at current severity.  Suggest clinical correlation.Marked enlargement of the adenoids with effacement of the nasopharyngeal airway.  Suggest clinical correlation for recent upper respiratory illness.
No evidence of intracranial metastases.
No significant change in the T12 vertebral body metastatic disease.
There is no evidence for maximal facial bone fracture appreciated
ET tube in acceptable position.
Low position of ET tube.
1.  Increase in size of reference lung nodule and several smaller nodules.  2.  Index right hilar lymph node is unchanged in size but index left hilar lymph node has increased in size as measured above.  3.  No significant abnormality seen in abdomen.  4.  Pelvic staple sclerotic/lytic bone lesion and associated presacral soft tissue masses are unchanged.
1. Stable intracranial hemorrhages and mass effect. 2. Stable ventricular size except for slight decrease in size of the right lateral ventricle. 
No definite evidence of active hemorrhage at the time of this exam. Consider a nuclear medicine tagged RBC scan for a more sensitive evaluation. Large volume abdominal pelvic ascites. Cirrhosis without a focal lesion.Partial SMV thrombosis extending into the portal vein.Small left pleural effusion with adjacent consolidation/atelectasis.Stigmata of chronic pancreatitis without a discrete lesion identified. No significant evidence of acute pancreatitis.
Interval resolution of the previously noted jejunal intussusception. There are multiple areas of dilated jejunum with intervening segments of narrowing with concentric wall thickening. No evidence of active inflammation. No evidence of a underlying mass lesion, although sensitivity is limited on a noncontrast exam. Findings may represent chronic sequela of a prior enteritis. A small bowel follow-through can be considered to evaluate peristalsis in this region and further evaluate for fixed strictures and exclude an intraluminal mass.
Status post endoscopic sinus surgery. Mild paranasal sinus inflammatory disease. 
1. Likely thrombosis within the SVC with numerous collateral vessels.2. Redemonstrated marked left chest wall edema and skin thickening.3. No evidence of IVC thrombus, though there is slightly limited evaluation of the intrahepatic IVC.
1. A left dorsal subcutaneous lipoma at C3-C5 as above. No mass effect or infiltration. 2. No lymphadenopathy. 3. Opacification with calcification of the left chamber of the sphenoid sinus. 
Left lower lobe opacity has increased from prior study.
1.	Right frontal ventriculostomy catheter unchanged in position with stable ventriculomegaly.2.	Cystic lesion in right thalamus and midbrain is not significantly changed.3.	Small amount of postoperative pneumocephalus, subarachnoid hemorrhage and intraventricular hemorrhage is unchanged.
Interval increase in confluent hepatic metastases, pulmonary metastases and regional adenopathy, as described above.  
1.The nonspecific region of hypoattenuation within the right frontal lobe corresponds with a likely acute on chronic infarct on the MRI which was subsequently performed. Additional multiple infarcts within the bilateral cerebral hemispheres and left cerebellar region characterized on MRI are not readily appreciated on this noncontrast CT exam. 2.There is no evidence of acute hemorrhage or mass effect.
Mild osteoarthritis of both hips. No evidence of any fractures or dislocations
1.Small ascending aortic dissection flap about the proximal anastomosis. This is not significantly changed from prior. 2.Findings discussed with Dr. Cai at the time of the report.
While the bone metastases appear stable, there are growing lesions in the left lower lung lobe that may represent progression of disease.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern. No pneumoperitoneum.
No acute intracranial hemorrhage. Mild-moderate age-indeterminate small vessel ischemic changes.
Markedly enlarged prostate gland.  No evidence for regional adenopathy or visceral metastases.  Indeterminate bilateral iliac sclerotic foci; correlation with nuclear bone scan suggested.  Cystic mass arising from base of cecum; an appendiceal mucocele is suspected.
1.No significant spinal abnormality identified. Central spinal canal is widely patent and there is no significant foraminal narrowing at any level.2.A few areas of more globular enhancement suggested along several cervical foramina, incompletely evaluated. These could conceivably represent nerve sheath tumors given patient's history of neurofibromatosis. Axial and coronal STIR imaging would allow for a more comprehensive evaluation on future follow-ups.3.No evidence of cord signal abnormality or abnormal enhancement.
Postoperative changes status post right temporal craniectomy, including pneumocephalus, extra-axial blood collection and mild midline shift.
Slightly improved pulmonary edema/ARDS.
VP shunt to reservoir discontinuity, as described above.  Stable sulcal effacement and ventricle size.
1.Nondiagnostic quality infusion, PE cannot be excluded by this exam.2.Main pulmonary artery is mildly enlarged which can be seen in the setting of PA hypertension.3.Left upper lobe semisolid nodule is unchanged in size, however the morphology most suggestive of of an indolent adenocarcinoma with a small focus of endogenous lipoid pneumonia or mucin. PET scan or tissue diagnosis may be obtained if definitive diagnosis is required. At a minimum, recommend yearly follow-up to ensure stability.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Indeterminate.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
1.	Paucity of cortical sulci, smaller than expected size of supratentorial ventricular system and the CSF cisterns for patient's stated age of 66 is concerning for subtle cerebral edema.  There is also mild herniation of cerebellar tonsils through the foramen magnum of approximately 3 mm. Recommend follow-up with an MRI exam considering provided clinical history of possible meningitis and the above findings.  Gray - white matter differentiation however is preserved and the midline is maintained.2.	CT is insensitive for detection of acute nonhemorrhagic ischemic strokes.
1.Redemonstrated are postoperative findings compatible with lipomyelomeningocele repair and cord untethering.2.Stable distal spinal cord syringohydromyelia.3.Findings suggestive of tethered cord are unchanged.4.Mild degenerative findings are unchanged.
Unchanged pulmonary opacities and small pleural effusions.
1.Acute on chronic/fibrostenosing Crohn's disease as described above with several strictured small bowel segments with intervening bowel dilatation.
Interval increase in size of several of the metastatic supraclavicular, mediastinal, and retroperitoneal adenopathy. Associated with multiple pulmonary nodules worrisome for medical disease and probable new hepatic metastatic focus.
Continued right upper lobe opacity. Worsening left lower lobe atelectasis. Disorganized bowel gas pattern.
1.	Hyperdense lesion of the right eye consistent with given history of choroidal melanoma.2.	No evidence of intracranial metastases.
Left breast calcifications. Comparison to outside mammogram is recommended. If the calcifications are new or the prior mammogram cannot be obtained, magnification imaging will be needed.BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: O - Old Study For Comparison.
Severe atherosclerotic disease. Otherwise no CT findings to account for the patient's epigastric pain and vomiting.
Bowel gas pattern unchanged.
1.The appearance of the previously described right level II/III neck mass has changed, becoming more centrally hypoattenuating, approaching fluid density, with internal bubbles of gas. The margins of the lesion are also less well defined and the lesion itself is somewhat expanded relative prior. These changes may reflect necrosis and associated inflammation, though the possibility of mild progressive tumor would also be in the differential diagnosis. The possibility of superinfection should be evaluated in the context of other clinical and laboratory findings.2.Of note, however, there does appear to be a greater degree of compression or invasion of the right internal jugular vein. As such, there may be some degree of venous outflow obstruction and related edema contributing to the above findings.3.Persistent nonspecific pharyngeal and supraglottic mucosal thickening. A tracheostomy remains in place.4.Bilateral pleural effusions and patchy airspace opacities will be better assessed on dedicated chest imaging.5.No acute intracranial abnormality.
1. Mild right-sided hydronephrosis, which can be physiologic in the setting of pregnancy. No shadowing calculi.2. A gravid uterus is partially visualized. Please refer to the same day OB/GYN ultrasound for dedicated fetal evaluation.
Right adnexal cystic lesion should be evaluated further with pelvic ultrasound.  Bilateral adrenal nodules.  Other findings as above.
1.  No pulmonary emboli through the segmental level.2.  Bilateral pleural effusions and other findings as described compatible with pulmonary edema.3.  Multifocal mediastinal and hilar lymphadenopathy is not significantly changed from prior exam.  This is nonspecific and may reflect reactive lymphadenopathy, granulomatous disease, or conceivably malignancy.
Pleural thickening in the left hemithorax consistent with mesothelioma, without significant change. No sign of distant metastases.
Severe hyperinflation of the native left lung consistent with emphysema with stable to slightly increased rightward herniation. New focal approximately 2 cm opacity in the right upper lung which may be related to infection or aspiration. Slightly increased diffuse opacity throughout the right lung raises the possibility of a more diffuse process. CT may be helpful for additional evaluation.
Dobbhoff tube overlies gastric fundus.
ETT unchanged
No evidence of acute fracture. Cortical irregularity along the medial aspect of the left great toe and osteomyelitis cannot be excluded. Nuclear medicine triple phase bone scan can be obtained if currently warranted.
Slight progression in interstitial lung disease most consistent with NSIP, perhaps related to patient's underlying connective tissue disease.  Adenopathy is also slightly progressed and can be better characterized by infused CT scan if indicated clinically.  Unchanged pulmonary micronodules.
Cardiomegaly. Unchanged support devices, the tip of the Swan-Ganz in the right interlobar pulmonary artery.
1- Right middle lobe consolidation, right lower lobe faint groundglass opacity, and diffuse faint centrilobular nodules raise the concern for a fungal pneumonia.2- Interval increase in mediastinial lymphadenopathy.
Right total hip arthroplasty in anatomic alignment.
No measurable pneumothorax although there may be a small residual medial pneumothorax component anteriorly. Worsening pleural fluid and airspace opacities in the left lung.
Postsurgical changes status post bilateral antrostomies and partial ethmoidectomies with residual mucosal thickening in the residual ethmoid and maxillary sinuses, most prominent in the right maxillary sinus.    
1.No significant coronary artery stenoses are present.2.Small, non-calcified nodule in the peripheral right upper lobe measuring 3mm in diameter. 3.Mild gynecomastia with asymmetric nodularity of the left breast, please see above.4.Vascular dimensions will be reported later in an addendum to this report.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are identified.
Feces evenly distributed throughout the colon.
Osteoarthritis and chondrocalcinosis as described above.
1. No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage, mass, or acute infarct. 2. Nonspecific bilateral mastoid effusions.
No significant change in the intracranial demyelinating lesions. 
Right mainstem bronchus intubation.
Right PICC has been pulled back to the superior SVC. Persistent pulmonary edema, mild.
Negative nonenhanced head CT.
Degenerative changes as described above. No fracture.
Opacification of the ostiomeatal complexes with moderate left, mild right maxillary sinus mucosal thickening as well as some mild ethmoid air cell mucosal thickening.  No large polypoid mass is seen within the sinonasal cavity.
1.	Multilevel degenerative disease, uncovertebral joint and disk osteophyte complex with subsequent neuroforaminal compromise as described above.2.	Multilevel grade 1 retrolisthesis of C4 on C5 C5 on C6 with a grade 1 anterolisthesis of C7 on T13.	There is no evidence of fracture or luxation.4.	Retropharyngeal amorphous calcification, anterior to the body of C2, consistent with calcified tendinitis.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended in 6 months. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
While the two reference nodules have decreased in size, selected other nodules have slightly increased. Most of the centilobular nodules and tree in bud opacity are stable.
1.	There is no definite acute intracranial abnormality.2.	There is an enlarged sella.3.	There is calcification of the intracranial vessels and focal left parietal white matter change which is abnormal for a patient for this young age. The possible differentials include ischemic such as small vessel ischemic disease, hypertension, inflammatory and vasculitides.  Further evaluation with an MRI can be considered for more sensitive evaluation of acute ischemic/infarct events and for further evaluation.
Cellulitis without evidence of abscess or osteomyelitis.
No new sites of disease.  Measurements as above.  Chest wall fluid collection tract to the skin.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
No evidence of metastatic disease without interval change
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSA - Screening Mammogram.
1. Saddle pulmonary embolus with extensive clot burden in the bilateral lobar, segmental, and subsegmental pulmonary arteries.  Mild cardiomegaly and right ventricular enlargement.  Dr. Mikolajczyk was notified by the resident on call at 3:20 P.M. on 2/9/2013.2. Groundglass/interstitial opacities in the bilateral upper lobes are non-specific, possibly atelectasis, edema, chronic aspiration/infection or evolving hemorrhage/infarct.3. Moderate centrilobular emphysema and mild bronchiectasis.
Stable bilateral adrenal adenomas.
1.No evidence for abdominal trauma.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSA - Screening Mammogram.
Normal examination. 
Bowel wall thickening involving the distal ileum and proximal colon around the surgical anastomosis.  There is regional adenopathy.    The findings are compatible with active inflammatory bowel disease.  No significant bowel obstruction.  No evidence for perforation or abscess.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography.
No obvious active disease although the distal 1 to 2 cm of the neoterminal ileum is not well evaluated. If warranted, this can be further evaluated with MR enterography.
1.Extensive right pleural nodularity and thickening with stable to slight interval increase in reference measurements.2.Progressive interval increase in a non-reference anterior fissural lesion.3.Stable mediastinal lymphadenopathy and anterior chest wall nodule.4.Minimal increase in perihepatic ascites with stable mesenteric nodularity again raising the question of peritoneal involvement.5.No evidence of contralateral disease or new sites of disease.
Interval reduction of the anterior shoulder dislocation with a Hill-Sachs deformity.
Right gluteus minimus tendinopathy and a small amount of fluid about the greater trochanter which may reflect a trochanteric bursitis.
No fracture or malalignment.
Stable appearance to small left adrenal nodule with contrast imaging characteristics are most compatible with benign adrenal adenoma.
Diffuse cerebral edema consistent with anoxic brain injury. No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage. No skull fracture.  Osseous expansion involving the right parietal calvarium likely represents either a sequela of prior cephalhematoma from birth or focal area of fibrous dysplasia.
Normal brain MRI without evidence of Chiari malformation. 
Small vessel disease of indeterminate age and old left basal ganglia infarct without acute abnormality.  Severe degenerative changes without acute abnormality as described above affecting the cervical spine, from C3 to T2..
No acute cardiopulmonary process.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality or calvarial fracture. 2. No evidence of fracture or subluxation of the cervical spine. 3. Degenerative changes of the cervical spine as described above. 
1.	Postoperative changes of epidural mass resection with large residual fluid collection along the incisional site which extends from T6 superiorly beyond the superior margin of the study.2.	Mild mediastinal lymphadenopathy.
Mild adenoid hypertrophy.
No evidence for adenopathy.  Right adrenal mass; given its temporal stability and lack of FDG activity on recent PET CT, favor benign etiology such as adrenal adenoma.  Stable infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Removal of left chest tube. No pneumothorax.
Stable nodular density in the left upper lobe which could reflect scar, too small to actually characterize.  No new lesions.  Decrease in size of left hydropneumothorax consistent with air leak likely from left lower lobectomy stump.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.  BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar and perihilar opacities, increased from the prior exam.
1.  No specific evidence of sarcoidosis or interstitial lung disease .2.  Evidence of airway disease with air trapping.
No significant abnormality.
A very large heterogeneously enhancing tumor is present centered on the left temporal lobe with substantial associated mass effect as described above. The core of the lesion is largely cystic and necrotic with enhancing tissue seen predominantly along the periphery and the inferior margin. The lesion appears to be quite vascular. The differential diagnosis would include a high-grade primary brain tumor as well as a metastatic lesion. The appearance of the lesion on conventional images would favor a primary brain tumor. However, on spectroscopic assessment, lack of choline elevation in the lesion periphery is a feature often attributed to noninfiltrative lesions such as metastases.
1.Redemonstrated are extensive findings related to prior sinonasal tumor resection. No convincing evidence of locally recurrent disease is seen.2.Lymph nodes in the neck are stable or minimally increased in size from the prior examination. No frankly pathologic or significantly growing lymph nodes are observed.3.No evidence of intracranial metastatic disease.
Degenerative arthritic changes as described above.
1.	There has been interval placement of bilateral subdural catheters into the patient's bilateral subdural hematomas. Post procedure pneumocephalus is present, without evidence of new hemorrhage or overt hematoma formation. 2.	Both hematomas have slightly decreased in size.
No new findings when compared to the prior CT scan on 9/12/08.
1.  Left basilar lung mass 2.  Small pancreatic head mass 3.  Osseous metastases.  T6 metastasis impinges on anterior aspect of thecal sac.  Dr. Wallace was notified of this finding at the time of dictation.  4.  Hepatic metastases.
Incidentally seen small diverticulum arising from the jejunum. Otherwise, unremarkable upper GI examinaiton.
No significant interval change in repaired abdominal aortic aneurysm.
New small pleural effusions without obvious edema or infection.
No change and no evidence of metastatic disease.
Ovoid near anechoic avascular subcentimeter left hepatic lesion measuring up to 8 mm with posterior acoustic enhancement, favored to be a cyst, not well delineated on prior imaging. No suspicious liver lesion seen otherwise. Gallbladder polyps without significant change 
Pleural fluid and atelectasis, without acute change.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
No interval change or evidence of dislocation within the limitations described.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Patchy opacities suggestive of infection or aspiration, which developed primarily since 3/2/2015.
Large extra pulmonary opacity in the right hemithorax consistent with gastric pull up.Small to moderate left pleural effusion with left basilar opacity, likely postoperative in nature
Comminuted displaced subtrochanteric fracture of the left femur.
1. Nonspecific small vessel ischemic disease, unchanged.2. Less than 50% of luminal stenosis at the distal left MCA M1 segment.3. Mild atherosclerotic changes of both extracranial and intracranial arterial system. No significant luminal stenosis or irregularity is seen.
Negative nonenhanced head CT.
1. Unchanged right hemithorax pleural calcification and thickening with subpleural and mediastinal fat invasion.  Lack of growth favors a benign process such as sequela of prior hemothorax or empyema over malignancy.  2.  Unchanged pulmonary micronodules are more likely to be benign than malignant; if the patient has a history of smoking, one year CT follow-up may be obtained.
Near complete opacification of the left hemithorax, likely a combination of pleural fluid and postobstructive pneumonia.
No specific evidence of pneumonia.
Positive for vestibular penetration and negative for aspiration. Please see separate speech pathology report for additional details.
Enlarged, heterogeneous thyroid with a nodular appearance more suggestive of multinodular goiter with increased vascularity than Hashimoto's disease.
1. Interval decrease in size of patient's primary rectal carcinoma and metastatic lesions with reference measurements as above.2. Resolution of small bowel obstruction.
New intubation, the ET tube tip 5 cm above the carina. Increasing opacities consistent with edema and atelectasis.
Normal appendix with no findings to explain the patient's symptoms.
Improving bilateral pulmonary opacities suggestive of aspiration.
Unremarkable noncontrast brain CT.
Multiple nodular opacities and apparent lung masses are all stable from the prior study, the majority of which are stable going as far back as 11/27/2009.  Left apical poorly defined nonsolid peripheral nodule is the only finding that is increased in size compared to 2009, although this is also stable from the prior study and presence of air bronchograms suggests inflammatory etiology. Continued follow-up is not recommended as these are likely post infectious or post inflammatory in nature.
Bilateral total knee arthroplasties appearing similar to the prior study.
1. Questionable punctate enhancement in the right frontal lobe as detailed above. Further evaluation with either a brain MRI or follow-up CT is suggested. Otherwise unremarkable head CT. 2. No evidence of tumor recurrence in the soft tissues of the neck. 3. Right upper pulmonary nodule and mediastinal lymph nodes. Please refer to dedicated chest CT for details.   
No evidence of dissection.
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern with large stool burden.
No evidence of metastatic disease in the chest or upper abdomen.
Small left pneumothorax. ETT 5-cm above carina.
1.  Radiation reaction in the thorax with no measurable tumor.2.  Markedly enlarged bilateral axillary lymph nodes suspicious for metastases.3.Enlarged bilateral adrenal glands, greater on the left, suspicious for metastases.   
1.	No evidence of pulmonary embolism.2.	Bilateral lower lobe tree in bud and centrilobular opacities with larger areas of lung consolidation as described above.  Findings likely reflect aspiration pneumonitis with possible superimposed infection given the symmetric appearance of these findings and the history of cardiac arrest.  Additional tree in bud opacities in the right middle lobe may be either infectious or inflammatory in etiology.3.	Cardiomegaly with left ventricular hypertrophy.
1. No urolithiasis. No hydronephrosis, hydroureter, or perinephric inflammation.  2. Cholelithiasis, without pericholecystic inflammatory changes.
1.Small bowel obstruction with likely transition point in the right lower quadrant as described above. No ascites or free air.2.Postoperative changes with focal pocket of poorly loculated fluid in the distal pancreatic surgical bed. While not suspicious for abscess or amenable to drainage, continued follow-up is suggested.
1. Stable focal hemorrhage within the left middle frontal gyrus as well as right parietal occipital lobe hematoma. No evidence of midline shift, hydrocephalus or cerebral herniation. No new hemorrhage.  Underlying tumor cannot be ruled out.  MRI is recommended for further evaluation if clinically warranted. 2. Left parietooccipital lobe encephalomalacia. 3. Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age. 
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.
1.No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or other acute intracranial abnormalities. 2.Age indeterminate mild to moderate likely small vessel ischemic disease. Note that CT is insensitive for the detection of acute ischemia.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.  BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSA - Screening Mammogram.
Successful ultrasound-guided core biopsy of the left breast lesion and clip placement. Pathology is pending at this time.BIRADS: 4 - Suspicious Abnormality.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or other acute intracranial abnormalities..
1.	No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema.2.	The proximal intracranial vasculature opacifies suggesting that the proximal intracranial vasculature (for example ICA and m1 segments)  is patent. The possibility of more distal occlusion cannot be excluded.3.	CT is insensitive for early detection of nonhemorrhagic CVA.  If clinical current concern for acute ischemia persists, MRI is recommended for better evaluation.4.	Multiple lesions in the right basal ganglia and right centrum semiovale most likely represent lacunar infarcts and remain unchanged5.	Findings were discussed with the referring clinical services at the time of the exam.
1. Sigmoid diverticulosis without evidence of acute diverticulitis.  No evidence of bowel obstruction or loculated fluid collection.  Small amount of non-dependant free fluid in the anterolateral left mesentery with normal adjacent bowel loops. 2. Extensive splenic vein collaterals with massive splenomegaly, presumably from prior splenic vein occlusion unchanged. 3. Enlarged myomatous uterus with endometrial cavity fluid, likely physiologic. 4.  Evolving segment 3 left portal vein thrombosis.
No sign of metastatic disease.   
Decrease in left upper lobe mass. Small intrathoracic nodes are stable.
1.  Large and extensive ventral hernia. Left inguinal hernia. Both contain small bowel, but are nonobstructive.2.  Cholelithiasis with distal common bile duct nonobstructive stones are stable.  3.  Small abdominal aortic aneurysm.4.  Multiple additional findings are stable. 
No acute cardiopulmonary process. I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
No acute intracranial abnormality. 
No evidence of obstruction.
1. Postsurgical changes of posterior spinal fusion at L4-L5. There is solid osseous fusion without hardware fracture or loosening.2. Mild multilevel degenerative changes as described above grossly similar to prior MRI from 10/6/2014.3. Advanced facet arthropathy at the L5-S1 level, right greater than left.
T8 butterfly vertebra and 13 degrees thoracolumbar levocurvature with straightening of the thoracic process and lumbar lordosis.
1.	No significant interval change, including no acute findings in the abdomen or pelvis to account for the patient's symptoms.2.	Pancreatic head mass, not significantly changed.3.	Patent biliary stent with expected pneumobilia.
Indeterminate hypoechoic masses within the right breast favoring fat necrosis, however, a neoplastic process cannot be ruled out. Recommend further evaluation with ultrasound-guided biopsy. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 4 - Suspicious Abnormality.RECOMMENDATION: H - Percutaneous Biopsy/Aspiration.
1.Periventricular and subcortical white matter lesions as well as lesions in the brainstem of a mild degree are nonspecific. At this age they are most likely vascular related. This has only mildly progressed since the prior exam2.There is redemonstration of multiple microhemorrhages scattered throughout the periventricular and subcortical white matter. This is somewhat nonspecific given its distribution. One possibility is related to hypertensive episodes. The pattern may be representative of other cause of microhemorrhages including amyloid angiopathy.
No significant change in cardiopulmonary appearance.
Mild interval increase in size of the ventricles and mild decrease in size of subdural hygromas. 
Appropriate position of ETT and NGT. Moderate hypervolemia.
1. Mildly improved bilateral pleural effusions and pulmonary edema. Swan-Ganz catheter tip in the proximal right pulmonary artery.2. Distended loops of small bowel, suggesting possible ileus.
Multiple acute infarcts involving the bilateral cerebral and cerebellar hemispheres. Petechial hemorrhages are evident within the infarcts in the right parietal lobe, bilateral occipital lobes, and right frontal corona radiata. No frank hematoma or significant mass effect. Dr. Altman discussed findings with Dr. Neborak at 1540 hrs on 8/4/2015.
1.Right adnexal mass further evaluation with ultrasound is suggested.2.No lymphadenopathy.
No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
No evidence of acute intracranial findings.  Please see above comments. 
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.
No evidence of fracture or impending fracture.
Continued mild interval increase in mixed response with multiple pulmonary metastatic foci appearing larger and some unchanged.  Increase in number.  See reference measurements above
1.	Incomplete staging examination as images of the full chest were not included.2.	Additional findings as described above.
Unremarkable CT paranasal sinus except for minimal mucosal thickening in the right maxillary sinus. 
Chronic pancreatitis. There is a hypodense lesion in the head of the pancreas measuring 1.6 x 1 cm on image #48, series #10. Further evaluation of this lesion with MRCP is recommended. Extensive calcifications throughout the pancreas limit optimal evaluation of the pancreas by CT.
Overall size of the craniopharyngioma and associated mass effect has not significantly changed since 5/27/2016, however the cystic components have become much more predominant in the interval and solid components have decreased.
Interval decrease in dilatation of the proximal small bowel with persistent fluid filled small and large bowel still seen as well as twisting of the mesentery.
2.7 cm heterogeneous mass in the left breast corresponding to the findings on recent CT examination. There are multiple subcentimeter satellite nodules in the surrounding area of the left breast as described above. Further evaluation with ultrasound-guided core needle biopsy is recommended. These findings and recommendation were discussed with the patient and the clinical service, Dr. Kelly. Submission of prior examinations for comparison is also recommended.BIRADS: 4 - Suspicious Abnormality.RECOMMENDATION: H - Percutaneous Biopsy/Aspiration.
Severe osteoarthritis.
No acute disease
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. Simple cysts. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually. Additionally, based on her family history and dense breasts, MRI screening should be considered if her lifetime risk is greater than 20%. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
No change in mediastinal lymph nodes.
1.Stable confluent retroperitoneal soft tissue infiltration.2.Slightly increased atrophy of the left kidney.
1.CT cisternogram with expected contrast opacification of the CSF spaces of the brain including intraventricularly following intrathecal administration of 10 cc of Omnipaque 300 contrast.2.Opacification of the middle ear cavities and bilateral mastoid air cells, right greater than left.3.Bony defects involving the tegment tympani and tegmen mastoideum bilaterally. There are areas of high density within the RIGHT middle ear cavity and right aditus ad antrum suggestive of leakage of contrast. There is particular defect in the right tegmen mastoideum (best seen on right coronal oblique image 58/125) with suspected continuity of hyperdensity between the subarachnoid space and aditus ad antrum. Review of the outside hospital brain and IAC MRI suggests a small cephalocele in this region (outside MRI coronal CISS reformat series 10, image 32/56). 4.No definite contrast is visualized in the left middle ear although this is could be secondary to patient positioning. A slow leak cannot be entirely excluded if there is suspicion for CSF otorrhea on the LEFT. 5.Left tympanostomy tube courses within a thickened left tympanic membrane.
1.	Hemorrhagic versus proteinaceous cyst lower pole right kidney.  Follow-up in one year.2.	Simple left renal cyst.3.	Likely hepatic cyst.
ET tube tip approximately 6 cm above the carina. Possible right infrahilar opacity.
New right chest tube with no visible pneumothorax.
1. Indeterminate right adrenal nodule.  Differential diagnosis includes adenoma vs. resolving hematoma in light of recent nephrectomy although other etiologies cannot be excluded.  Consider unenhanced CT for further evaluation as clinically indicated.2. Low density subcutaneous lesion anterior to right rectus muscle which is likely secondary to local trauma.  Correlate clinically.
Wall thickening involving numerous loops of jejunum, not significantly changed.  Findings can represent graft versus host disease or infectious enteritis.
Degenerative changes of the spine and other findings as above.
No acute intracranial hemorrhage, mass, or edema.
1.	No evidence of masses or pathologic adenopathy in the neck and stable exam since prior study.2.	Multiple small nodules in the upper lung fields but should be further evaluated with dedicated CT of chest.
Acute on chronic sinusitis as detailed above.
Improving basilar opacities and pleural effusions, with no new findings.
Unremarkable examination
Small, heterogeneous thyroid gland without discrete nodule.
Salter Harris II fracture of the thumb proximal phalanx.
Left neck base, left axillary and abdominal/retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy, most consistent with malignancy such as lymphoma.
Continued healing of distal humerus fracture.
Benign-appearing lymph nodes in the right upper groin at the site of the patient's palpable concern.
Minimal interval decrease in amount of gas and colonic ileus pattern.
1. No significant change and left upper lobe pleural-based nodules.2. Left lower lobe pleural-based nodule is minimally larger.3. Left lower lobe subpleural nodule contained within an area of radiation reaction measures smaller.4. Groundglass opacities previously measured now having appearance most compatible with evolving radiation reaction and will not be included in further measurements.
Healing fracture of the fifth metacarpal with periosteal reaction.
1. Moderate left atrial dilation. 2. Normal pulmonary vein anatomy.   3. There is no evidence of left atrial appendage thrombus. 4. Severe left ventricular dilation. 5. Mild atherosclerosis of the descending aorta. 6. Mild coronary calcification in the left main is noted. 7. Dual chamber pacemaker is noted. 8. Branch PAs are mildly dilated.This portion of the report pertains to the heart and great vessels only.  The remaining soft tissues of the thorax and upper abdomen will be interpreted by the attending chest radiologist and included as an addendum to this report.
Findings suggestive of osteomyelitis of the tuft of the distal phalanx of the right great toe.Findings were discussed by telephone with the ordering physician, Dr. Chandiramani, at 5:20 p.m.. on 4/15/2015.
Normal examination.
Small right frontal hemorrhagic contusion.  Follow up imaging may be helpful as warranted clinically.  Right frontal scalp subgaleal hematoma and associated soft tissue swelling.
No significant change in the pulmonary nodule, hepatic lesion and left par-aortic lymphadenopathy with measurements provided above.
No significant abnormality.
No cause for the patient's abdominal pain identified on this CT.
1.	Spinal canal stenoses are seen, greatest at L3-4 level. 2.	Moderate spinal canal stenosis is seen at L4-5 level.3.	Right L3 nerve root compromise.4.	Left L4 nerve root compromise.5.	Post surgical changes secondary to left laminotomy is seen from L4-L5.6.	Lower level hypertrophic and disc bulges changes are seen.
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality. However, CT is insensitive to early detection of CVA. MRI should be considered if clinical suspicion for CVA persists. 2. Small vessel ischemic disease cerebellar infarcts of indeterminate age. 
No focal lung opacity.
1. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or mass effect. Please note CT is insensitive for the detection of acute non-hemorrhagic infarcts, and MRI should be considered if there is continued clinical suspicion.2. Chronic right frontotemporoparietal infarct including the right basal ganglia. Chronic right cerebellar infarct. 
UVC positioning as described.Disorganized, likely age-related and nonspecific abdominal gas pattern.
1. An infiltrative mass centered in the left tongue measures up to 5.5. cm and extends across the midline, into the tongue base and tonsillar fossa, as well as into the soft palate is compatible with squamous cell carcinoma.2. Left suprahyoid lymphadenopathy likely represents metastatic disease. 
Bronchiolitis/reactive airways disease pattern.
Stable examination with stable pulmonary micronodules.
Mild esophageal dysmotility. Otherwise, normal esophagram.
1.  No acute intracranial abnormality.2.  Stable areas of encephalomalacia and other chronic changes as described above.
Worsening CHF.
Tonsillar/adenoid inflammatory changes and lymphadenopathy without evidence of abscess.
No evidence of pulmonary emboli to the subsegmental level.  
1.	Stable CT exam without convincing evidence of metastatic disease.  Small retroperitoneal lymph nodes are unchanged in morphology.
Status post placement of subdural electrodes.  Thin 0.5 millimeter axial images of the entire calvarium in contiguous fashion were obtained as clinically was requested.  No bony abnormality in the region of the study.
Unchanged pulmonary opacities and support devices.
Findings suggestive of disease progression; increase in size of innumerable confluent pulmonary nodules and more confluent areas of consolidation in the lungs bilaterally, left greater than right.
Ileus-type gas pattern without evidence of pneumoperitoneum.
Perhaps mild soft tissue swelling without evidence of osteomyelitis.
1.	Moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions and atelectasis.2.	No findings to explain paraneoplastic syndrome.3.	Pancolonic diverticulosis without evidence of diverticulitis.4.	Severe atherosclerotic disease.5.	Mildly enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes.
1. No evidence of acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion.2. Non specific small vessel ischemic disease.3. Degenerative spondylosis of Cervical spine. No evidence of fracture or subluxation.
Interval disappearance of the previously described micro-nodule.  Ill-defined subcentimeter nodule in the left lower lobe and mediastinal adenopathy are unchanged.Pelvic ultrasound may be helpful for further evaluation of the uterus.
Increasing extent of bilateral, large infarcts as described above.
Stable CT examination of brain since prior study from 7 -- 31 -- 08.
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern. Average burden liquid stool.
1.Thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysm as detailed above.
ET tube tip in the right mainstem bronchus with complete atelectasis of the left lung.Findings discussed by telephone with Dr. Johnson from the clinical service at 10:45 AM on 10/14/2016.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually. Given the patient's breast density the following should be considered: Annual screening whole breast ultrasound, annual mammography performed with tomosynthesis. Additionally, if the patient has a greater than 20% lifetime risk of breast cancer, MRI should be considered. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
Normal CT of brain.
Minimal osteoarthritis
No acute fracture is identified in the right hand.
Mild pes planovalgus deformity with osteoarthritis and other findings as above.
Appropriate position of right PICC with tip at the SVC/RA junction.
Centrilobular emphysema with upper lobe predominance and enlargement of the pulmonary artery consistent with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Chronic ischemic lesion with parenchymal volume loss on the left basal ganglia as described above. Otherwise unremarkable.
1.	Accessory left hepatic artery arising from the left gastric artery.2.	Please refer to abdominal MRI of same day for further findings regarding biliary anatomy.
Right jugular catheter placed
1.	No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema.2.	CT is insensitive for the early detection of nonhemorrhagic CVA.3.	Examination is mildly compromised due to motion artifact which may obscure more subtle abnormalities.
Induration and enhancement near the vaginal cuff and bladder with a cystic focus as described above. Definite underlying vesicovaginal fistula cannot be excluded.
Basilar opacities suggestive of infection or aspiration. A more recent CT has been performed.
No evidence of bone metastases.
Pulmonary edema or aspiration. Unchanged previously characterized benign-appearing left lung nodule.
No acute pulmonary abnormality.
1.	Since yesterday's exam there is slight increase in size of the lateral ventricles. 2.	There is redemonstration of a mass suspicious for schwannoma in the left Petrous apex region.3.	There is redemonstration and no change in hemorrhagic foci in along the brainstem on the left side as well some intraventricular blood and some blood products at the surgical site.
1. Examination for operative planning demonstrating degenerative changes throughout the thoracic and, to a greater degree, lumbar spine with scoliosis, as described above and better assessed on standing radiographs from same day.2. There is up to moderate to severe spinal canal stenosis at L3-L4 level related to degenerative changes as well as epidural lipomatosis. There is also moderate to severe right L3-L4 and left L5-S1 neural foraminal stenoses. Additional levels as above.
1.  No CT findings of metastatic disease.2.  Postoperative findings of right orbitotomy and myocutaneous flap reconstruction with air beneath the graft and apparent communication between the paranasal sinuses, operative site, and anterior cranial fossa as detailed above.
No conclusive evidence of metastatic disease in the thorax or upper abdomen, no significant interval change.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.   BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSA - Screening Mammogram.
Right total knee arthroplasty without complications. Small joint effusion.
Chronic blunting of the right costophrenic angle compatible with scarring or chronic organized pleural effusion.
Minimal osteoarthritis without superimposed acute abnormality
1. Increased thickening of the right aryepiglottic fold with focal enhancement is concerning for tumor recurrence. 2. No evidence of adenopathy. 3. No evidence of intracranial metastasis.4. Right maxillary and ethmoid acute sinusitis.5. Possible vocal cord paralysis, please correlate clinically. 
Stable bilateral pleural effusions and improving pulmonary opacities consistent with edema. Stable support devices.
Though the pulmonary parenchymal tumor, surrounding lymphangitic spread, and mediastinal invasion appear stable, there is significant interval increase in chest wall disease likely a site of old chest tube tract.
Enteric tube tip terminates in the distribution of the antral/pyloric region. 
Limited evaluation of the solid organs and gastrointestinal tract due to the lack of IV and p.o. contrast.1.	The transplanted kidney appears enlarged with indistinct margins, and associated perinephric fat stranding.  There is also a faint striated appearance of the renal parenchyma.  These findings are suspicious for pyelonephritis. 2.	No evidence of hydronephrosis, nephrolithiasis, or ureteral dilatation3.	Multiple retroperitoneal and mesenteric lymph nodes
Peritoneal nodularity posterior to the right lobe of the liver and the greater omentum on the left side, not significantly changed from previous study.Bilateral pleural effusion, dependent atelectasis and pleural based nodularity is are grossly unchanged. I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.  No acute intracranial abnormality.  No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage or mass.  It should be noted that CT is insensitive in detecting acute nonhemorrhagic stroke.2.  Nonspecific periventricular white matter hypodensities most consistent with age indeterminate small vessel ischemic disease.3.  Bilateral basal ganglia lacunar infarcts.
Normal
*	No new acute hemorrhage.  Residual bilateral subdural collections are essentially unchanged.*	Chronic infarcts and small vessel ischemic changes as described in the text above.*	No other significant interval change.
Multiple infarcts of the left kidney are probably due to arterial embolism in a patient with atrial fibrillation.  Cystic pancreatic lesion may be further evaluated with M.R.C.P., if indicated.
1.Patent cystic and common bile ducts without evidence of biliary obstruction or acute cholecystitis.2.Markedly prolonged hepatic retention of radiotracer, which is suggestive of nonspecific but significant global hepatocyte dysfunction. 
Slight asymmetric enlargement of the subcutaneous fat in the left supraclavicular region, but no mass or lymphadenopathy is seen. 
1.	Stable mild hydrocephalus.2.	No new acute intracranial finding.
No change in pulmonary opacities and pleural effusions with cardiomegaly.
Concentric bowel wall thickening with surrounding inflammatory changes of a 9 cm segment of terminal ileum compatible with active Crohn's flare.
1. Probable mild distal bronchial impaction from prior aspiration appearing in the left lower lobe which can be followed on subsequent studies unless the patient has signs of infection.  Otherwise, stable bilateral nodules and micronodules.2. Interval resolution of the left renal hydronephrosis and proximal left hydroureter.3. Nonspecific mesenteric and retroperitoneal soft tissue induration/stranding with prominent lymph nodes is mildly decreased since prior examination.4.  Flattening of the IVC suggestive of hypovolemia.
Right obturator lymph node is decreased in size.Stable pulmonary micronodules.Stable small hepatic hypodensities.  At least some of these represent cysts.
No interval change in the basilar predominant interstitial lung disease most compatible with NSIP and which may be secondary to rheumatoid arthritis.
Small vessel ischemic disease with no evidence of acute intracranial process.
1.Left middle frontal gyrus focal hypoattenuation may represent encephalomalacia from previous infarct. However, given the lack of definitive volume loss across the entire area of abnormality to suggest chronicity, a component of subacute infarct is not excluded. Comparison to the previous examination, if available, would be useful if it shows an abnormality at the same site.2.Multifocal cerebral parenchymal hypoattenuation probably represent ischemia, of indeterminate age. Of note, noncontrast head CT scan has low sensitivity for acute, nonhemorrhagic stroke and for intracranial masses.
Scoliosis not significantly change.
No radiopaque foreign body.These findings were discussed by telephone with Dr. Witkowski, the attending surgeon, on 3:04am at 4/5/2015.
Mild osteoarthritis of the knee with moderate to large joint effusion.
Probable COPD no acute disease.
1.  Bilateral pleural effusions as discussed above.  The left pleural effusion is loculated with most fluid collecting in a subpulmonic location.2.  Bibasilar interlobular septal thickening suggestive of edema.3.  Bibasilar bronchial wall thickening with minimal tree in bud suggestive of aspiration or infectious bronchiolitis.4.  Left paramediastinal mass is unchanged allowing for presence of circumferential pleural fluid.
Infrahilar patchy airspace opacity likely represents mild increase in atelectasis. There remains unchanged thickening of the minor fissure.
No thyroid nodule is identified. Normal appearing thyroid gland..
Perihilar opacities and bronchial wall thickening without significant interval change.
Normal examination of the esophagus, stomach, and duodenum.
No visible pulmonary metastases by plain film technique.
1.	Negative CT of brain with infusion.2.	Subtle increased soft tissue density with enhancement inferior to the symphysis of the mandible with no associated bony changes as described above.
Cardiomegaly.  Emphysema.  Pulmonary vascular congestion.  Small amount of ascites.  Bilateral nephrolithiasis without evidence of hydronephrosis or hydroureter.  Multiple vertebral body compression deformities, most severe at L1.
1. Stable appearance to micronodules in lungs, some calcified and most likely due to old granulomatous disease.  2. Prior nephrectomy without tumor recurrence in surgical bed or adjacent  regions.3.  No change small soft tissue mass adjacent to bladder and slight bladder wall thickening. 4.  No change in size of slightly prominent left external iliac node.
COPD but no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Unchanged metastatic disease without evidence of increase in size of reference lesions or evidence of new lesions.
1.  Slight enlargement of right middle lobe lobe tumor. 2.  Right upper lobe mixed groundglass/solid lesion consistent with primary lung cancer, not significantly changed over the last two months.
Interval decrease in size of presacral mass representing known neuroblastoma.  There is no evidence of metastatic disease.
Increased size of central right upper lobe nodule, as above, concerning for worsening malignant disease. Stable dominant hypodense lesion in the dome of the diaphragm.
1. Small bowel diverticulosis, as described above.2. Probable mild nonobstructive adhesive disease in the region of the patient's ostomy in the left lower quadrant. No evidence to suggest obstruction.
Unchanged right hydropneumothorax.
1.	Linear densities along inner table of skull in the left frontal and left temporo-parietal regions could represent subdural hemorrhage although could also be related to motion artifact.  Follow-up CT or MRI is recommended for clarification.2.	No evidence of hydrocephalus, mass, or midline shift.
Continued healing of left proximal humerus fracture.
Overall minimal change compared to prior with measurements given above.  Partially thrombosed aneurysmal type B dissection extending through the aortic bifurcation is roughly stable.
Mildly increased nasopharyngeal activity could represent the patient's known lymphoma versus inflammation. No FDG avid tumor otherwise.Diagnostic CTs of the neck, chest, abdomen, and pelvis also performed at today's visit will be reported separately.
1.  Small vessel ischemic disease and chronic lacunar infarctions.2.  Left sigmoid sinus and left internal jugular venous thrombosis of indeterminate age.  Specialty care referral and further evaluation with dedicated CT venography or MR venography is recommended to evaluate the full extent of the disease.  Dr. Halina Brukner cannot be reached with paging system at time of reporting of the study.  The findings and recommendation were conveyed to physician on-call covering Dr. Brukner at 18:10 hrs, 12/4/2012, at time of reporting of this study.
No acute fracture is evident.
1. Extensive osseous metastatic disease. Please refer to same day nuclear medicine bone scan for additional findings as evaluation more sensitive.2. Mild thickening of the esophagus suggested diffusely, nonspecific. Small hiatal hernia.
Very small pleural effusions, otherwise unremarkable without evidence of infection.
1.Stable findings in the neck with two unchanged masses/enlarged lymph nodes, inferior to the right thyroidectomy bed and at the right paratracheal level with no new mass or worsening cervical lymphadenopathy.2.No evidence of intracranial metastases.3.Numerous bilateral pulmonary metastases again seen. Please refer to dedicated accompanying CT chest report for further details.
Status post bilateral lung transplant with patchy pulmonary opacities and a left pneumothorax.
Minimal osteoarthritis of the left hip, but otherwise no fracture or other findings to account for the patient's pain.
Osteoarthritis without fracture evident.
Unchanged pleural effusions and basilar opacities. No new findings.
No change in basilar opacities.
1.	Innumerable pulmonary metastases, not significantly changed.2.	No specific evidence of metastatic disease in the abdomen.
Large left middle cerebral artery distribution infarct with slightly increased edema since prior study. No evidence of hemorrhage. 
Small lucencies in joint space narrowing with deformity of the right fifth digit are suspicious for chronic appearing erosions may be compatible with an inflammatory arthritis. Superimposed osteoarthritis is also present.
1. New and enlarging hepatic metastases. 2. Obstructing pancreatic head mass not well delineated but enlarged pancreatic head including stent, accounting for differences in technique, stable to mildly increased in size. Occluded SMV. Mild soft tissue attenuation involving less than 180 degrees of circumference of SMA, similar to prior exam. 3. Stable to mild interval increase in size of mediastinal and hilar lymph nodes, nonspecific. 
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. Stable postlumpectomy changes on the left. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
1.No significant interval change with complete opacification left hemithorax and likely representing combination of postobstructive atelectasis and consolidation/aspiration.
Diffuse bilateral thickening and mild inflammation of the collapsed left colon and sigmoid colon.  This finding is nonspecific and may be infectious, inflammatory, or even ischemic.  Consider further evaluation with colonoscopy.
1. Unchanged residual tumor in the left middle cranial fossa, but increased leptomeningeal tumor dissemination in the bilateral internal auditory canals.2. Unchanged drop metastases in the spinal canal.
1.  Interval obstruction of the left ostiomeatal unit with partial opacification of the anterior ethmoid air cells and left maxillary sinus.2. No significant cervical lymphadenopathy or soft tissue lesions. Infection cannot be ruled out without contrast administration. Further evaluation with enhanced neck CT or MRI may be considered if clinically warranted.3.  Multiple lucent lesions throughout the cervical spine and visualized skeleton, consistent with known history of multiple melanoma.4. Stable appearance of the left prevertebral soft tissue prominence displacing the left retropharyngeal fat anteriorly and slightly effacing the left aspect of the oropharynx. Although exam is limited by the lack of contrast, this finding likely represents retropharyngeal course of the left carotid artery.   
1.Progressive now extensive paranasal sinus opacification, with suggestion of air-fluid levels in the maxillary sinuses for which clinical correlation for possible acute sinusitis is recommended.2.Cyst in hyperdense irregular material within the frontal sinuses with linear areas of hyperattenuation. Although findings could be related to chronic inspissated secretions, the possibly of fungal colonization is not excluded.3.Extensive layering fluid within the nasopharynx and nasal cavity which may relate to patient's intubated status.4.Nonspecific fluid opacification of mastoids and middle ears, progressive since prior exams. These correlate clinically.5.Diffuse mottled appearance of the osseous structures which may part relate to underlying osteopenia, although infiltrative process cannot be entirely excluded.6.Resorption of ethmoid septae and poor visualization of portions of the nasal septum, which may relate to chronic inflammatory changes
Tracheostomy tube unchanged
1.There is encephalomalacia present along the left middle cerebral artery territory involving left temporal lobe and the left parietal lobe as well as a watershed territory between the left to middle and posterior cerebral arteries.2.There is a small focus of encephalomalacia in the right parietal lobe which is also stable and likely vascular related.3.Punctate lesions in the brain stem, thalami and basal ganglia are suspected to represent lacunar infarcts.4.Periventricular and subcortical white matter hypodensities of a moderate degree are present. At this age these are most likely vascular related.5.CT is insensitive for the early detection of acute nonhemorrhagic cerebral infarction.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality. 2. Stable ventricular size and stable appearance of residual subarachnoid and bilateral intraventricular hemorrhage.3. Unchanged small vessel ischemic changes and old lacunar infarctions.
No evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.  Stable findings as described above.
1.  No acute intracranial hemorrhage.  2.  Findings raise the question of hyperdense left MCA.3. Periventricular and subcortical white matter changes of a moderate degree are nonspecific. At this age they are most likely vascular related. 
Inflammatory changes in the right flank has slightly decreased in extent with no discrete fluid collections.
Postoperative changes of ACL reconstruction and minimal osteoarthritis.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSD - Screening Mammogram.
Diffuse lower lobe bronchial wall thickening and bronchiolitis, not significantly changed.  This likely represents opportunistic infection given the patient's neutropenia, though bronchiolitis obliterans can have a similar appearance.Interval improvement in groundglass nodular lesions in the right and left upper lobes.  No new areas of consolidation are seen.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, right unilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
Unchanged right basilar opacity.
Stable mild pulmonary edema.
Ventilation and perfusion images as quantified above.
Healing radial and ulnar diaphyseal fractures in anatomic alignment.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.   BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
Left chest tube and moderate pneumothorax, unchanged
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1.Stable nonspecific small focal right pleural thickening.2.Please refer to separately dictated abdominal CT report for additional findings.
Osteoarthritis appearing similar to that seen on the prior study.
Interval casting without bones in near anatomic alignment.
Multiple foci suspicious for metastatic disease in the ribs and pelvis.
1. No evidence of pulmonary embolism to the segmental level. 2. Significant basilar atelectasis and patchy groundglass opacities in the dependent right lung related to aspiration. Fluid filled patulous esophagus makes patient at risk for continued aspiration.3. Very small bilateral pleural effusions.4. Post-operative changes of thymoma resection with small amount of anterior pneumomediastinum and small pneumothoraces.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
Interval progression of the calvarium and cervical spine bony abnormality, compatible with patient's known history of polyostotic fibrous dysplasia.
1.  Mild centrilobular emphysema.2.  Scattered small nodules, the largest 7 mm for for which a 6 -12 month follow up is recommended, unless the patient has a history of smoking, in which case a 3 - 6 month follow-up is recommended.
ET tube in acceptable position.
Interval enlargement of ventricular system since November 2009.  No interstitial CSF resorption noted however.Sequela from remote insult in the region of the left temporo-occipital lobe.Left-sided Chiari I malformation.Evidence of hydrocephalus discussed with Dr. Sharma of the emergency room at 3:45 p.m. every 22, 2012.
Normal examination.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.No significant change in multiple pulmonary nodules. No new thoracic sites of disease identified.2.Right upper lobe and paramediastinal radiation changes, unchanged.3.Please see separately dictated CT neck and abdomen/pelvis.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Mild colonic ileus pattern.
Mild osteoarthritis
Stable expected postsurgical findings in both breasts. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
1. Status post CABG with sternotomy. Attenuation and foci of gas in the surrounding subcutaneous and anterior mediastinal soft tissues may represent, in part, post-surgical changes such as hematoma or seroma. However, given the persistence of these findings 10 days after surgery, a developing cellulitis remains on the differential diagnosis, and short term interval follow up is recommended to assess for resolution of the above findings. 2. No drainable chest wall fluid collection is present to suggest abscess. 
1. Interval placement of a left frontal approach shunt catheter, terminating in the left intraventricular cyst. Mild pneumocephalus. 2. Stable intraventricular cysts (left greater than right) and supratentorial ventriculomegaly.3. Other chronic findings as above. 
1.Multifocal hypermetabolic tumor recurrence in the right neck.2.No hypermetabolic activity in the left neck to suggest contralateral involvement.3.Nonspecific hypermetabolic focus associated with pelvic bowel, more likely benign in etiology. However, if there is not been a recent colonoscopy, this be recommended to exclude a primary colonic neoplasm as clinically warranted.
1.	No acute intracranial abnormality.2.	Post-surgical changes in the bilateral orbits.
1.	Negative CT of brain.2.	No evidence of recurrence or residual tumor.3.	Prominence of soft tissues of right tonsil.4.	No pathologic adenopathy in the neck.
Dominant complex left thyroid nodule amenable to biopsy if FNA is desired clinically.
Unremarkable examination
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No evidence of pneumonia.
No fracture.
1. Marked decrease in multiple pulmonary nodules, consistent with resolving infection.2. Slight decrease in left axillary mass.3. Stable left scapular lesion.
1.	New liver mass, which is suspicious for hepatocellular carcinoma given the patient's history.2.	Post colectomy changes with ileostomy redemonstrated; stable distal small bowel dilation often seen in this setting.
No significant interval change.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.Morphologic changes of the liver can be seen with nonspecific diffuse parenchymal liver disease/fatty infiltration. No sonographic signs of acute cholecystitis.
Right lower lobe bronchocele, almost certainly benign, with additional areas of bronchial mucus plugging and bronchial thickening in the lower lobes. Follow-up with chest radiographs in 6-12 months would be appropriate in the absence of additional symptoms.
1. Partial small bowel obstruction with transition point at the mid ileum.2. Increase in ascites.3. Stable mesenteric, retrocrural, and retroperitoneal bulky adenopathy with some necrosis. 4. Consolidation within the left lower lobe of mixed attenuation is incompletely visualized. 
Bilateral diffuse lung haziness with no focal opacities.Improvement in bowel distention with persistent disorganized, nonspecific abdominal gas pattern.
Intravertebral disc herniation at T12-L1 with associated reactive changes in the adjacent bone marrow, but no evidence of significant spinal canal or neural foramen stenosis.
1.	Locally invasive pancreatic adenocarcinoma, with slight interval decrease in pancreatic mass. 2.	Cholelithiasis with new gallbladder wall edema, although this may be artifact due to gallbladder contraction. 
1.	No evidence for local recurrence or neck lymphadenopathy on the basis of CT size criteria for lymphadenopathy2.	enlarged heterogeneous the left lobe of the thyroid.  This is unchanged since prior exams dating back to 2011.  Please correlate with clinical symptoms.  Please note that CT is not accurate in evaluating the thyroid gland . 
Interval increase in reference measurements as above consistent with metastatic disease.
No acute pulmonary abnormality.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, right unilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
1.	No acute intracranial abnormality is demonstrated.2.	Small lacunes and minimal white matter changes are seen bilaterally.  
Interval progression in size and density of bilateral pulmonary opacities.  Differential diagnosis includes eosinophilic or multi-focal cryptogenic organizing pneumonia or evolving pulmonary infarcts.  Lack of peribronchial or perivascular nodularity argues against Kaposi's sarcoma and the appearance is atypical for pulmonary lymphoma.  Opportunistic infection cannot be excluded however the appearance is not specific for any single entity.
No interval change.
Chronic appearing changes in the tibia/fibula. No evidence of acute osteomyelitis in the foot or tibia/fibula.
ET tube tip in the right mainstem bronchus. Scattered atelectasis on a background of chronic lung disease.
1. Interval postoperative changes of distal pancreatectomy.  Intra-abdominal fluid tracks anteriorly and towards the right, and is consistent with postoperative fluid collection or pseudocyst.2. Multiloculated fluid collections in the right anterior abdominal wall, without evidence of direct communication to the intra-abdominal fluid collection.3. Splenic infarct.  Proximal right vein occlusion with venous collaterals.
1.  No evidence of contrast enhancing lesions or calcifications to suggest CNS toxoplasmosis.2.  Minimal volume loss.
No significant abnormality.
No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage. Skull shows involvement by multiple myeloma. Anterior nasal septal perforation but no destructive nasal mass.
Left upper lobe opacity seen on recent CT is also visible on chest radiography, and could be followed by radiography to resolution over the next 2-3 months.
Mild hallux valgus deformity without superimposed acute abnormalities.
1.New focus of full-thickness cartilage loss along the posterior lateral femoral condyle with associated underlying marrow changes2.Increased cartilage along the anterior lateral femoral condyle status post microfracture.3.Moderate size joint effusion.
1.  Small nonspecific hypodensities in the liver.  Suggest MRI for further evaluation.2.  Interval resolution of pulmonary edema/pleural effusions.  No other significant interval change.
Interval increase in the size of the third and lateral ventricles.  Right parietal ventriculostomy catheter is unchanged in position.  No acute intracranial hemorrhage.
Status post cholecystectomy without biliary ductal dilatation or other hepatic abnormality.
1.Cystic lesion in the left adnexa with a nodular enhancing component is suspicious for recurrent borderline papillary serous tumor and is increased in size from the prior ultrasound.2.Mildly enlarged left inguinal lymph node also suspicious for recurrence/metastatic disease.
Status-post resection of a large right anterolateral lower chest wall and upper abdominal wall mass.  There is no evidence of recurrence.  Contrast filled nonobstructed loops of bowel in the mesentery extend through the right anterolateral abdominal wall defect.
Findings suspicious for a polypoid lesion in the jejunum.Atherosclerotic disease with aortic and iliac aneurysms, described above.Several hypodensities in the liver, too small to definitively characterize but most likely cysts.
No new focal lung consolidation.
1. Nonenhancing extensive confluent white matter T2/FLAIR hyperintensity along the left more than the right occipital lobe and temporal lobes with mild mass effect on the posterior left lateral ventricle as well as effacement of the subjacent cortical sulci. No associated diffusion restriction. Differential diagnosis would include acute inflammatory processes, such as that related to cerebral amyloid angiopathy in this case especially given the foci of scattered susceptibility, atypical PRES in the appropriate clinical setting, and gliomatosis cerebri. Vasculitis and encephalitis are felt to be less likely.2. Background changes of advanced chronic small vessel ischemic disease.
ET tube with its tip approximately 6 hours above the carina. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities noted.
Increasing pneumomediastinum, consistent with history of esophageal perforation and air leak. Questionable cortical defect of the right scapular tip.
1.	Collection adjacent to the caudate lobe of the hepatic transplant and IVC, differential considerations for which include hematoma, seroma, abscess, or other postoperative collection.  There is an additional thin-walled fluid collection adjacent to the inferior aspect of the hepatic transplant which has the same differential but is less likely to represent an abscess.2.	Right pleural effusion and right body wall subcutaneous fat stranding suggesting anasarca.  Superimposed cellulitis in the right abdominal wall cannot be excluded by imaging.3.	Nonspecific rectal thickening.
Stable size and appearance of residual lobulated left anterior mediastinal mass.
1.	No evidence of pulmonary emboli.2.	Cholelithiasis.
Tip of the enteric tube in stomach with improved gastric distention.
Mild amount of fecal burden.
NG tube with tip in the distribution of the gastric body. Ileus pattern without significant change.
Limited unenhanced CT.1.Partially visualized pulmonary findings are suggestive of ARDS.2.Small amount of abdominal/pelvic ascites3.Non-specific small bowel wall thickening without evidence of obstruction.
No visualized abnormality, including sequela of trauma.
1.Stable exam with no significant cervical lymphadenopathy by CT size criteria.2.Chronically occluded left internal jugular vein.
1.	Since the prior examination destructive changes along the left skull base are stable.2.	Since the prior examination nasopharyngeal mucosal thickening involving the predominately the left soft palate and left nasopharynx stable.  There is associated opacification of the left mastoid air cells suspected to be related to some compromise to the eustachian tube3.	No evidence for neck lymphadenopathy on the basis of CT size criteria for lymphadenopathy4.	No evidence for brain metastases.
Progression of metastatic tumor burden as described.
Normal cervical spine.
Limited examination without evidence of pancreatic pathology, as clinically questioned. Evidence of hemosiderosis.
1.  Bilateral nephrolithiasis.2.  Resolution of wall thickening and irregularity of gastric mucosa.3.  Persistent lymphadenopathy in the chest, abdomen and pelvis.
Bilateral coxa valga deformity with 50% uncovering bilaterally and partial dislocation of the left hip.
Moderate osteoarthritis of the first MTP, progressed since the previous film and other chronic findings as above.
Mucosal thickening involving the maxillary sinuses bilaterally.  Remainder the paranasal sinuses are normally aerated.CT scan the neck reveals no evidence of pathologic enlarged lymph nodes.  Overall no significant change from prior.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography.
1.Multiple calvarial lesions with minimal epidural components as well as associated adjacent thin pachymeningeal thickening and enhancement are compatible with metastatic disease. One of the calvarial metastatic lesions does abut the distal aspect of the right transverse sinus without gross evidence of invasion.2.No abnormal intraparenchymal enhancement to suggest intracranial metastatic disease.3.Area of enhancement and cortical loss corresponding to tooth #7 along the right maxillary alveolar process and extending towards the incisive canal. Recommend correlation with examination and dental imaging as clinically indicated.4.Moderate periventricular and deep white matter T2 hyperintensity is compatible with chronic small vessel ischemic disease
Endotracheal tube, as above. Right upper lobe consolidation consistent with given history of pneumonia. Patchy left lower lobe retrocardiac opacities which may represent atelectasis, scarring, aspiration, and/or pneumonia.
1.	Mid to lower thoracic spine undulation of endplates, vacuum phenomena, and Schmorl nodes associated with subtle anterior vertebral body wedging. The findings can be seen in Scheuermann disease.2.	No evidence of fracture or dislocation.
No focal lung opacity.
1.2 cm nodule noted posteriorly in the right upper lobe adjacent to a bulla. This is suspicious of a primary neoplasm. PET/CT is recommended for further evaluation as well as comparison with any prior CTs if possible.2.Groundglass nodule in the right apex. This may represent atypical adenomatous hyperplasia (AAH) or indolent adenocarcinoma.3.Numerous solid and groundglass micronodules may represent metastatic disease.4.Moderate upper lobe predominant paraseptal emphysema with prominent apical bullae.5.Mediastinal and hilar lymphadenopathy
Deformity of the left clavicle from old trauma and now a posterior subluxation of the clavicle at the sternoclavicular joint.
No bowel obstruction.
1.	Subcutaneous nodule is seen within the subcutaneous tissue of the lateral right anterior abdominal wall concerning for focal metastasis.2.	Bilateral, nonenlarged femoral lymph nodes.3.	Asymmetric, hazy soft tissue in the right inguinal region.  This should be correlated to prior hernia repair or instrumentation.
1.	Significant interval increase in size of the multiple bilateral pulmonary and pleural-based masses.2.	Significant interval increase in the mediastinal, hilar , abdominal, and retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy.3.	Stable skeletal abnormalities. 
1.Obstructing calculus right ureter with diminished nephrogram on the right and hydronephrosis.2.Sigmoid colon and a small left inguinal hernia.3.Findings were discussed with Dr. Joshua Aizen pager 1348, at the time of this interpretation.
Persistent moderate right loculated right apical air collection and pleural fluid not significantly changed. 
Dobbhoff tube with tip projecting over the gastric fundus.
1.Residual sinusitis extensively in the right frontal sinus, minimally in the left, mild bilateral ethmoid and left chamber of the sphenoid sinus as detailed.2.Postoperative changes of ESS with partial bilateral ethmoidectomy and widely patent sinonasal windows. There is compromise of surgically enlarged left sphenoethmoidal recess secondary to mucosal thickening and patent on the right.3.Images through the nasal passage demonstrate no evidence of polyposis.
1. No evidence of pulmonary embolism.2. Multifocal areas of consolidation, as detailed above.  Given patient's history of CVID and lymphoma, differential considerations include multifocal pneumonia (including fungal etiology) or lymphomatous involvement of the pulmonary parenchyma.  Mediastinal lymphadenopathy.3. Cirrhotic liver morphology with small amount of abdominal ascites, partially visualized.  Please see dedicated CT abdomen and pelvis report.
1. Findings compatible with acute pancreatitis.2. Hepatic steatosis.3. Avascular necrosis of the bilateral femoral heads. 
Progression of disease with multiple reference measurements as described above.
Postsurgical and osteoarthritic changes of the right shoulder without acute fracture or malalignment.
Subtle interval increase in focal left pleural and diaphragmatic thickening concerning for recurrent disease. Magnetic resonance imaging of this region may be of value. Continued follow-up examination is recommended.
Normal within limitations described
Stable left lower lobe nodule, very likely benign, but one additional follow-up scan in approximately 12 months is recommended to confirm stability.   
1. Mild nonspecific diffuse ground glass opacity in both lower lobes, which may be due to the edema or hemorrhage.2. Paraseptal emphysema with a large right apical bulla.
1. Perigraft pancreatic stranding and fluid collection extending into the pelvis is suspicious for allograft pancreatitis. 2. Focus of gas in the mid abdomen as described is suspicous for extraluminal gas given its location near the surgical anastomosis, but may represent intraluminal gas within native or donor bowel. Correlate with clinical examination. 
No focal lung consolidation or evidence of overt left-sided heart failure.
Slight improvement in CHF. Persistent left pleural fluid collection and atelectasis.
1. Large left pleural effusion.2. Right lung volume loss with upper lobe fibrosis and bronchiectasis, and right lower lobe reticulation and ground glass with confluent opacification probably due to fibrosis however edema or infection cannot be excluded.3. Right large pleural based calcification which could be secondary to prior pleurodesis, hemorrhage or empyema. 4. Mild mediastinal lymphadenopathy.
Disorganized bowel gas, slightly increased from the prior examination.
Stable left cerebellar hemorrhage and stable mild hydrocephalus. No new hemorrhage. 
1.  Persistent tree-in-bud opacities in the lingula and left lower lobe, suggestion of bronchiolitis.  Given the chronicity, MAI infection should be considered.2.  No evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.
No significant abnormalities. 
1.	Hydronephrosis with blood in the ureter and collecting system on the left. Delayed left nephrogram indicates impairment of renal function.  This may be in part a chronic process as cortical thinning is apparent.2.	Nonocclusive thrombus in the left external iliac artery adjacent to the left ureter.  A arterio-ureteral fistula may be present in this location, , however is not currently visualized and may be occluded at present.3.	Focal stenosis of the left common iliac artery.4.	Large bilateral pleural effusions, with loculated elements in the left effusion.5.	Postradiation and postsurgical changes in the pelvis.  Small bowel dilation consistent with ileus.6.	Nonspecific enlarged lymph node in the mediastinum.  Nonspecific focus of ground glass opacity in the lingula7.	Cirrhotic liver morphology and splenomegaly.Findings discussed with Dr. Chung at 1:35 p.m.
Blount's disease and left genu varus.
1.  Slight increase in number and size of liver metastatic lesions.  2.  Stable appearing chest without evidence of metastatic disease.  3.  New right iliac vein intraluminal thrombus.Findings discussed with Dr. Sharma at 2 p.m.  with read back of critical findings.
Small to moderate right pleural effusion, a new finding.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Resolution of retrocardiac opacity and pleural effusions. Left PICC removed.
1.  No evidence of metastatic disease in the chest.2.  New hepatic metastasis causing mild intrahepatic biliary dilatation and extrinsic compression on the branches of the portal vein..
Moderate soft tissue swelling with no acute fracture or malalignment.
Salter-Harris II fracture of the proximal phalanx of the middle finger.
No radiographic evidence of infection.
1. The brainstem is unremarkable. No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage, mass, or acute infarct. 2. A 10 mm diameter, well-defined, cystic lesion in the left sphenoid triangle likely represents an inclusion cyst.
Enteric tube is in the distribution of the proximal gastric body.
1.CT is insensitive for early detection of acute nonhemorrhagic ischemic strokes.2.Acute subdural in right high convexity parietal measuring up to 6.6-mm in thickness and 31-mm at the base.3.Anterior middle cranial fossa arachnoid cyst measuring at 36 x 21-mm.4.Small focus of scalp and subgaleal hemorrhage in right parietal region without evidence of calvarial fracture.5.Small focus of depression of the outer table of skull in right parietal region suspicious for chronic fracture. Direct evaluation with palpation is recommended.
Stable left adrenal partially calcified mass.Question of mural thrombus versus fibrin sheath of the left IJ after central line removal.
Stable treatment related change with no evidence of active disease in the neck.
Questionable nodular opacity overlying the left lung base, which may represent developing pneumonia or aspiration.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified without interval change. No specific evidence of infection.
Multiple abnormal dilated bowel loops without pneumoperitoneum.
Interval progression of disease with interval increase in the size and number all of lung metastases and mediastinal adenopathy.  Interval development of a subcentimeter left pleural-based nodule.
Small right pneumothorax without significant change. 
Stable postsurgical changes of the right breast. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
Stable coarse liver echotexture without suspicious liver lesion. No ascites.
Numeral.  Stable metastatic disease.2.  Nonspecific pancreatic abnormality can be followed as part of the monitoring of the patient's thyroid cancer.
1. Lobular/bilobed hypoattenuating structure measuring 2.3 x 1.7 cm seen in expected area of endometrial complex. Patient's pregnancy test reportedly negative and patient stated her 'uterine lining' was removed 20 years ago, also status post tubal ligation. Given patient's clinical symptoms of cervical motion tenderness, infectious process/abscess formation a consideration. Fibroid formation or cystic endometrial benign or malignant also differential considerations, further characterization with pelvic sonography recommended.
Unifocal cancer right breast measuring 12 mm in maximum dimension. No abnormality in left breast and bilateral axillary region. BIRADS: 6 - Known cancer.RECOMMENDATION: T - Take Appropriate Action - No Letter.
Redemonstration of posttreatment changes in the neck, without convincing evidence of progression/recurrence of disease. No significant lymphadenopathy by size criteria.
No renal, ureter, or bladder stones evident.  No intra-abdominal abnormalities to account for the patient's pain.
1.No evidence of lap band slippage or retention of contrast within the gastric fundus.2.Mild esophageal motor abnormality.
Normal examination.
Airway hyperreactivity/bronchiolitis pattern.
1.	There is redemonstration of stable nodules in the thyroid bed without significant change when compared to the prior exam in May.2.	please refer to chest CT of the same date for further comments regarding pulmonary nodules.
Moderate right knee osteoarthritis.
1.Postoperative findings are seen compatible with posterior instrumented fusion extending from C2 down to T4. Also noted is laminectomy from C3 through C7 with decompression of multilevel stenosis seen previously.2.Severe compression deformity of C7 with associated anterolisthesis of C6, unchanged.3.No significant change in degenerative findings as above.4.Marrow signal characteristics are mildly heterogeneous and there are focal hyperintense lesions within the right lateral mass of C1, unchanged and potentially representing the patient's known multiple myeloma.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.	Minimal mucosal thickening in the ethmoid sinus.  2.	Mild rightward nasal septal deviation with a bony spur.3.	Otherwise unremarkable CT sinus.
No significant abnormalities. 
A very extensive epidural CSF collection is seen beginning at C3 and continuing down to at least the mid lumbar region. This collection effaces the thecal sac and may exert a mild compressive force on the spinal cord. No evidence of any cord edema or focal cord lesion is seen. In particular, no clear evidence of the reported syrinx is demonstrated.These findings were discussed with Dr. Satzer at 10:10 AM on 07/08/16.
Pancreatic stent migration; a majority of which projects over the duodenum.
Stable exam. No pneumothorax.
1.1.5 mm recanalization at the base of the right anterior choroidal aneurysm2.1mm recanalization at the base of the left basilar/AICA aneurysm.3.Right ophthalmic artery aneurysm measures approximately 2 mm in size and is rather fusiform and irregular4.Left superior cerebellar origin 1 mm aneurysm.5.Findings were discussed with Dr Yamini at the end of the procedure.
Atelectasis without significant interval change. A catheter with a small radiopaque marker extends to the right descending pulmonary artery.
1.  Since prior abdomen, CT, heart transplant with expected appearance.  2.  Right renal pelvis.  Large calculus, unchanged since 4/16/12, however, with some slight thickening of the renal pelvis wall with inflammatory changes extending into the peri-renal fat.  2.  Anterior abdominal ventral wall hernias containing only mesenteric fat, unchanged.
Normal left infraclavicular fossa; specifically, no mass identified to correlate with physical examination finding.
Resection of right lung base pneumatocele. Shift of mediastinum to the right. Almost no bowel gas. Early changes of rickets.
Right paratracheal mass, thoracic CT is recommended for follow-up.
Normal sinus CT.
Negative nonenhanced head CT.
1.No evidence of retroperitoneal bleed or G-tube complications.
No acute fracture of the tibia or fibula.
1.Osteoarthritis of both hands and both knees. 2.Chondrocalcinosis and small cysts or possibly erosions affecting the right wrist may reflect superimposed CPPD arthropathy.3.Nonspecific soft tissue swelling about the PIP joint of the left ring finger. 
No evidence of sinusitis. 
Unchanged cardiomegaly and right basilar atelectasis.
There is some right occipital encephalomalacia and questionable periventricular white matter changes consistent with age indeterminate small vessel ischemic disease.  However, there is no CT evidence of acute territorial ischemia.  MRI could be considered for more definitive evaluation should there be a high index of suspicion.No acute intracranial hemorrhage or extra-axial collection.Ventricles are mildly enlarged and out of proportion to the sulci which are only slightly prominent.  This probably reflects only some age related volume loss, but subtle disturbances of CSF dynamics are difficult to entirely exclude at a single time point (no prior).
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities identified without interval change. 
Lower uterine segment/cervical soft tissue prominence consistent with known cervical carcinoma associated with increased low attenuation within the endometrial cavity suggestive for obstruction.  No evidence for regional or distant metastatic lesion.Indeterminate subcentimeter right lung nodules.
No evidence of sinusitis. Minimal mucosal thickening in the ethmoid sinuses.
No acute intracranial hemorrhage or skull fracture.
1. Right upper lobe and left basilar changes supporting multifocal pneumonia, possibly fungal.2. Suspected pulmonary hypertension.3. Postsurgical changes without new abnormality
Left lower extremity PICC terminates at the infrahepatic IVC. 
1. No acute intracranial abnormality.  Specifically there is no evidence of hemorrhage and the visualized cerebral circulation is without evidence of aneurysm or acute vascular abnormality.2. Changes compatible with aneurysm clipping and prior infarct within the left caudate and orbital gyrus.
Abnormally dilated endometrial stripe (measuring up to 30 mm), compatible with patient's history of endometrial malignancy. At level of fundus or additional rounded partially calcified mass lesions, most likely fibroids.Prominent lymph nodes as above, nonspecific.Thick walled descending and rectosigmoid colon and extensive colonic diverticulosis seen, findings may be due in part to chronic inflammation and underdistended state but correlation with patient's clinical history and laboratory values recommended.
1.Stable pancreatic body and uncinate process cystic lesions favored to represent IPMNs.2.Nonspecific splenic lesions appear stable, possibly a sequela of prior infectious or inflammatory process.3.Mildly enhancing right renal lesion which could represent neoplasm, stable but can be followed on subsequent imaging.
1.  Small right lower lobe pulmonary embolism as above.2.  Diffuse pulmonary, osseous, and hepatic metastases.  Please see recent staging CT.
1.No renal calculus is evident. No filling defect within the opacified portions of the collecting system as described above. No specific cause of hematuria.2.Bilateral scattered enlarged and mildly prominent lymph nodes as described above are stable dating back to CT exam dated 6/5/2012.
Mild soft tissue swelling without fracture.
No cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No evidence of infection.
1.  A hypodense focus is present along the left cerebellar hemisphere compatible with subacute infarction.  This was better identified on the prior noncontrast CT and MRI. 2.  The left posterior inferior cerebellar artery is attenuated shortly after its origin; this suggests thrombosis.3.  There is a focal stenosis of the proximal left posterior cerebral artery.  
1.  No evidence of dissection.2.  Port catheter tip in the left brachiocephalic.3.  Low attenuation in the femoral veins may be due to mixing, though study is not sufficient to exclude deep vein thrombosis.  Dedicated study such as a DVT ultrasound can be considered for further evaluation.4. Increase in size of right hilar node.
Minimal chronic sinus disease as detailed above.
1. Mild nonspecific bronchial wall thickening but no evidence of active TB.2. Small focus of soft tissue protrusion within the mid right posterior lateral trachea is nonspecific, but likely represents debris. It is not significantly changed though would be better evaluated with direct visualization if clinically warranted. A similar abnormality is noted in the left trachea, which was not present on prior study3. Subacute rib fractures on the right.
1.Cirrhotic liver without suspicious hepatic lesion.
Basilar opacities suggestive of edema with subsegmental atelectasis.
No evidence of significant interval change compared to prior study.   
Bowel gas pattern suggestive of mild ileus, perhaps minimally improved from the prior study.
No evidence of retrocochlear or inner ear lesions.
1.  Comparing to prior MRI, no obvious interval change of large expansile brainstem mass causing effacement of fourth ventricle and mild prominence of the third ventricle.  No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage.
1. Interval extubation.2. Stable basilar opacities.
1.No bowel obstruction.2.Small fat-containing anterior abdominal wall hernia as detailed above.3.Hepatomegaly with hypoattenuation of the hepatic parenchyma suggestive of fatty infiltration.4.Nonspecific mild prominence of the pancreatic duct. Further evaluation by M.R.C.P. can be obtained
Stable sacrospinal canal mass.
Endotracheal tube tip 6 cm above the carina. Support tubes and lines and bilateral pulmonary opacities unchanged.
Bilateral hip avascular necrosis. Bilateral mild hip osteoarthritis.
High left paratracheal opacity possible tortuous brachiocephalic vessels although a mass is possible and a thoracic CT recommended. 
No significant abnormalities.
No evidence of renal or ureteral stone.
1.Interval placement of an endotracheal tube with the tip terminating just above the carina. 2.Interval adjustment of enteric tube with the tip terminating in the proximal gastric body. Findings discussed with Dr. Delbruto at 2:36 PM on September 7, 2016.
No evidence of pulmonary embolus.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
No acute intracranial abnormality
Postsurgical changes with no evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.  Other findings as above.
Heterogenous nodules of the right and left lower poles likely containing shadowing calcifications. Both nodules are amenable for percutaneous biopsy as clinically indicated. No prior imaging is available for comparison.
Linear lucency through the lateral aspect of the patella likely represents a normal variant bipartite patella rather than a fracture. If, however, there is strong clinical concern for fracture, then an axial view of the patella may be considered.
Mediastinal lymphadenopathy is suspicious for a neoplastic process; lymphoma is a diagnostic consideration. 
Multiple cavitary lesions within the left lung. Differential diagnosis includes necrotizing infection and metastatic disease. Interstitial opacities in the left lung may represent adjacent inflammatory changes versus lymphatic extension of tumor depending on the underlying cause of the lung findings.
Orthopedic fixation of right mandibular body fracture.
Stable postsurgical changes of the left breast. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram. 
Postsurgical changes of carpectomy and and distal ulna resection. Other findings as described.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography. 
There is subtle cortical irregularity at the head of the proximal phalanx of the fifth finger. No acute fracture is seen. Mild soft tissue swelling persists, appearing similar to 7/1/2015.
Stable appearance of disease including reference pulmonary nodule, renal lesion and liver lesions without evidence of new metastatic foci.
Stable examination with reference measurements as above.
Persistent right hydropneumothorax.
No suspicious myelomatous lesion identified.
Negative renal ultrasound without evidence for mass, stone, hydronephrosis, or perinephric collection.
Increased renal cortical echogenicity bilaterally compatible with medical renal disease. *SFU grading system: Grade 0: No hydronephrosis. Grade 1: The renal pelvis is visualized. Grade 2: A few but not all of the calices are identified in addition to the renal pelvis. Grade 3: Virtually all the calices are seen. Grade 4: Grade 3 and parenchymal thinning.Fernbach SK, Maizels M, Conway JJ. Ultrasound Grading of Hydronephrosis: Introduction to the System used by the Society for Fetal Urology. Pediatric Radiology (1993) 23: 478-480.***Rosenbaum DM, Korngold E, Teele RL. Sonographic Assessment of Renal Length in Normal Children. AJR Am J. Roentgenol (1984) 142:467-469
1.  No evidence of acute inflammation or bowel ischemia as clinically questioned.2.  Stable osteonecrosis of the femoral heads and proximal femora.
1.	New peripheral left lung opacities which are likely inflammatory or infectious in etiology. 2.	Evidence of slightly worsened pulmonary edema on the right side with redemonstration of findings of pulmonary edema affecting the left lung. Slightly decreased size of right pleural effusion.  Redemonstration of loculated left pleural effusion.3.	New free pelvic fluid, a nonspecific but abnormal finding and which may be due to changes in fluid status.4.	No definite evidence of progression of neoplastic disease.
1. Post-treatment findings in the oropharynx without evidence of measurable residual tumor.2. No significant cervical lymphadenopathy.
No acute disease
Negative renal ultrasound. Specifically, no hydronephrosis, shadowing calculi, or mass.
1.	Interval increase in thickening of the left hemidiaphragmatic/subcapsular splenic hypodensity, of uncertain etiology and could possibly represent metastatic disease.  This area should be followed on subsequent imaging.2.	Progression of pulmonary nodules, described on prior CT chest on 2/18/10.
Unremarkable examination of the hips and pelvis.
Interval decrease in the size of the peritoneal implants.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Patchy atelectasis bilaterally not significantly changed.
1.  Asymmetrically enlarged, heterogenous left thyroid gland is partially visualized deviating the trachea.  See accompanying CT scan of the neck for additional information.2.  Partial collapse of the T12 vertebral body with questionable subtle lucency extending to the pedicle.  If clinical concern for metastatic disease, recommend additional imaging, such as with nuclear medicine bone scan.
1.Increase in the right upper lobe pulmonary lesion.2.Decrease in the left infrahilar mass which has undergone necrosis and forms a cavity in association with the left lower lobe airway.3.Mild bilateral hydronephrosis due to bladder distention possibly due to bladder outlet obstruction.
Airway hyperreactivity/bronchiolitis pattern. Opacities in the lung bases are most likely atelectasis.
1.Near stable distended configuration of the colon compared to prior exam.
1. No evidence of intracranial metastases. 2. Multiple calvarial, right mandible, and right C2 metastases.
Inflammatory changes of the shoulder with fluid collections as described above. While the fluid collections are better defined on the current study due to the presence of contrast-enhanced sequences, their overall size appears similar to the prior study on the fat-saturated T2-weighted images. 
1.	New partial right upper lobe atelectasis, distal to the endobronchial valves.2.	Diffuse, severe centrilobular emphysema, not significantly changed.
No renal lesions to explain hematuria.  Probable left renal cyst unchanged.  A large prostate unchanged.  Other findings as above.
1.Clustered nodular opacity in the left apex along with stable prevascular lymphadenopathy indicating resolving Histoplasma infection.2.Increased right hydronephrosis with a stone noted on the prior PET/CT. This likely represents worsening obstruction and was discussed with Dr. Hogarth by phone at 14:05 on 12/18/2015.
No evidence of metastatic disease or change.
1.Interval postsurgical changes of orthotopic liver transplant.2.Loculated subcutaneous fluid collection in the anterior abdominal wall. A benign etiology such as a seroma or resolving hematoma is favored, with abscess possible but considered less likely.3.Mild ileus pattern. 
Fracture of the fifth metacarpal diaphysis. These findings were relayed to Dr. Stern, via phone at 10:50 AM on 2/10/2016.
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.
1. Stable focal fatty infiltration of the pancreatic head. Large prostate. 2. No other significant interval change, with other findings as above.3. No measurable metastatic disease was found. 
1.	CT brain demonstrates no evidence of metastatic disease.  Paranasal sinus disease is present and the right mastoid air cells are partially opacified.2.	CT soft tissue neck demonstrates asymmetric thickening and enhancement of the nasopharyngeal mucosa on the right extending from the skull base to the oropharynx, consistent with neoplasm.3.	Bilateral, confluent cervical lymphadenopathy is present with foci of necrosis, more extensive on the right.  On the right it extends to involve levels II-VI.  A portion of the distal  right cervical internal carotid artery is completely surrounded by the above-mentioned mass.  A portion of the distal left cervical internal carotid artery is partially surrounded by the left sided adenopathy. 
No sign of metastatic disease or change.
Left total knee arthroplasty in anatomic alignment 
bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent atelectasis, improved as compared with prior study.
Destruction of the left ischium and inferior pubic ramus with associated soft tissue mass representing metastatic focus that has enlarged when compared to the prior study. There is a nondisplaced pathologic fracture of the initial tuberosity. Other additional metastatic lesions are noted, some of which are better seen on prior PET scan. Other findings as above.
Stable examination, accounting for technical differences, with cecal mass and intra-abdominal carcinomatosis as described above.
Loosely clustered calcifications within the central left lower breast are seen. Comparison to outside hospital mammogram is requested.BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: OB - OLD FILM FOR COMPARISON
Right upper lobe atelectasis with atelectasis in the perihilar region. 
1. No evidence of metastatic disease.2. Multiple cystic lesions in the upper abdomen which are incompletely visualized. These are presumably pancreatic pseudocysts though definitive characterization is not possible. There is also likely splenic vein thrombosis with multiple gastric varices noted. Correlate for history of pancreatitis. A dedicated abdomen and pelvis CT is recommended for further evaluation.
1.No acute intracranial hemorrhage.2.Stable chronic left temporoparietal and right postcentral gyrus infarcts.3.Stable appearance of age-indeterminate small vessel ischemic disease.
Very minimal chronic sinus disease as detailed.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Basilar opacities suggestive aspiration and/or infection.
1.No acute fracture or dislocation.2.Osteoarthritis of the right hip with avascular necrosis of the femoral head appearing similar to the prior study. 3.Small lumbar vertebral body osteophytes. 
No acute intracranial abnormality.  Please note subtle lesions/masses may be occult on noncontrast CT head study and if clinical suspicion persists, MRI is recommended.
1. Minimal non-specific enlargement and edema of the pancreas may be seen in acute interstitial pancreatitis without vascular complication, fluid collections, parenchymal necrosis or hemorrhage. Correlate with clinical signs/symptoms and lipase.2. Markedly distended stomach with air and oral contrast without an obstructing lesion evident. This may be to the patient's acute pancreatitis. 
No pneumothorax or acute pulmonary abnormality. Signs of emphysema.
Non-obstructive bowel gas pattern.
No suspicious pulmonary nodule or mass.Lung-RADS: Category: 1 (Negative: No nodules and definitely benign nodules)RECOMMENDATION: Continue annual screening with LDCT in 12 months.
This is a limited exam specific for the exclusion of cord compression only and does not exclude more subtle lesions such as intrinsic cord abnormalities. No cord compression is identified.Due to the screening nature of this protocol details are not as evident on imaging as dedicated protocols of the spine.
1.Cirrhotic appearing liver without obvious focal hepatic mass or ascites.2.Stable mild right-sided hydronephrosis.
1. No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage.2. Advanced chronic small vessel ischemic disease. 3. Mild prominence of the lateral and third ventricles for the degree of volume loss, raising question of a component of communicating hydrocephalus/NPH in the appropriate clinical setting.4. Fullness of soft tissues in the paraclinoid region which may be related to vascular tortuosity but not well assessed with CT. MRI may be considered to better assess the above findings if clinically indicated.
Right-sided prostate cancer without extracapsular extension.
No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage or skull fracture.
No evidence of significant interval change.  No neck mass or significant lymphadenopathy is identified.  Post-therapeutic changes involving the neck.  No significant interval change in the appearance of the brain.  No expanding intracranial mass lesion.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Stable metastatic disease to the liver and lumbar spine. 
No interval change.  No evidence of metastatic disease.
Nondisplaced distal tuft fracture
Preoperative and intraoperative imaging demonstrates expected surgical change during resection of the patient's left insular/basal ganglia tumor.
No evidence of fractures or dislocation in the cervical spine.
Severe multifocal, right greater than left, airspace and interstitial opacity which may be due to infection or edema. Some of the areas of opacity have a nodular/focal appearance. Given the patient's age this should be followed to resolution to exclude underlying pulmonary nodules or masses.
No significant change in basilar edema and consolidation with small pleural effusions.
1.	Bilateral tympanostomy tubes and minimally retracted tympanic membranes are seen. 2.	There is non specific opacification of the rudimentary mastoid air cells extending into the epitympanum bilaterally. 3.	Possible dehiscence of the superior semicircular canals bilaterally.
Slight stranding in the fat adjacent to the cecum.Presumed left renal cysts.Report forwarded to the emergency room by stat consult.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
Esophageal wall thickening possibly extending to the stomach with regional lymph nodes as described above.
1. Normal superior mediastinum.  See discussion above.2. Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1. Left thalamic ICH and IVH with mild ventriculomegaly and ventriculostomy tube inserted.2. No evidence of intracranial arterial aneurysm.3. No evidence of intracranial arterial or extracranial luminal narrowing or stenosis.4. Atherosclerotic changes of bilateral extracranial carotid arteries without significant luminal stenosis.
1.  No evidence of a congenital or acquired abnormality of the ears.  2.  Paranasal sinus mucosal disease.
Maxillary and ethmoid sinus disease. 
Echogenic renal parenchyma consistent with medical renal disease/parenchymal dysfunction without mass, stone, or obstruction. Mild ascites.
Slight improvement in left frontal and temporal horn.  Rest unchanged.
ETT tip 5 cm above the level of the carina. Enteric tube may be advanced.
No acute intracranial hemorrhage or posttraumatic changes.
1.  No significant interval change of mild hydrocephalus.2.  No significant interval change of cerebellar mass with mass effect.
New moderate left pleural effusion with left basilar atelectasis.
Left hip arthroplasty.
Large acute bilateral pulmonary emboli to the left and right main pulmonary arteries with right heart strain and right heart failure suggested. 
Postoperative changes of a right total hip arthroplasty.
No free air.
No visible signs of pneumonia. Mild lymphadenopathy likely related to known sarcoidosis. A portion of the left upper lobe is obscured by the ICD generator and cannot be assessed.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains unremarkable, left unilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendations were discussed with the patient. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
1.	Large peripherally enhancing invasive mass compatible with cholangiocarcinoma unchanged since prior study. Hepatic satellite lesions.2.	Multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with metastatic disease.3.	Lymphadenopathy in the chest and abdomen.4.	Other findings as described above.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendations were discussed with the patient. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
Minimal left basilar probable scarring and/or atelectasis
Mild sacroiliac joint and hip osteoarthritis.
Postoperative findings related to right retrosigmoid resection of a vestibular schwannoma without evidence of gross recurrent tumor.
1. Osteoarthritis of the right hip.2. Thickening of the bladder wall, particularly anteriorly. While this appears similar to the prior study, and the lack of change argues against malignancy, this could be further evaluated with dedicated contrast enhanced CT urography examination with inclusion of delayed contrast enhanced images.
Interval advancement of ET tube with its tip now 2 to 3 cm above the carina.
No acute fracture or malalignment.
Interval appreciation of a small single solitary lung nodule in the right lower lobe which demonstrates discrete cavitation.  In light of patient's history and possible immunocompromise state, concern for infection including fungal infection must be considered.  Less likely to represent a metastatic focus given cavitation with such a small size.  Pager 8956 was contacted with this result
Continued retroperitoneal soft tissue masses. Increase in size of left lower quadrant masses with development of left hydronephrosis.
Left renal mass may be a hyperdense cyst.  If indicated, a noncontrast CT scan examination may be helpful to demonstrate lack of contrast enhancement.There is a 2-cm mass between the rectal wall and a right vaginal cuff which may represent a lymph node or a tumor mass.  See above.  No measurable metastatic disease.  There is questionable sigmoid colon wall thickening and diverticulosis.
Moderate cardiomegaly without significant interval change.
Chronic bronchial wall thickening with possible debris in the left lower lobe bronchus. This could potentially be the result of chronic recurrent aspiration given the presence of retained air in the thoracic esophagus on the last several films which may be a sign of esophageal dysmotility.
Incompletely characterized solitary liver lesion.  Punctate micronodules lung.
1.  No evidence of pulmonary embolus.2.  Bibasilar consolidation and scattered ground glass opacities are consistent with aspiration.  Differential considerations include multifocal infection.3.  Nonspecific right hilar and supraclavicular lymphadenopathy may be reactive in nature.
Severe cardiomegaly and no other significant findings. 
1. Significant interval decrease in size of pulmonary masses as above. 2. Redemonstrated right colonic mass, with apparent decrease in circumferential thickening. Associated decrease in size of local regional lymphadenopathy.3. Enlarged bulky uterus and cervix, likely secondary to fibroids, with likely related increased focal endometrial fluid near the fundus. Correlation with prior pelvic sonograms is recommended.
1.  No acute intracranial hemorrhage, mass effect or midline shift.2.  Unremarkable CT angiogram of the head without aneurysm or dissection.3.  Chronic sinusitis involving the left maxillary, sphenoid and ethmoid sinuses.
Significant interval worsening of the small bowel dilatation suggestive of an obstruction at the level of the hernia.
1.Trace ascites and stable to mildly decreased left upper quadrant omental nodularity. Continued attention to this region on follow-up exams is recommended to exclude peritoneal disease.2.Interval decrease in size of the right subdiaphragmatic mass.3.No new sites of disease in the abdomen or pelvis.
Unable to perform exam due to inadequate sonographic windows.
Severe osteoarthritis of bilateral knees.
1.Occlusion of the proximal and mid portions of the basilar artery and possibly distal left vertebral artery. The distal basilar artery and the superior cerebellar arteries appear to be supplied from the anterior circulation through the circle of Willis. Please note that the MRA exam is somewhat degraded due to motion artifact. As a result details are less conspicuous. If clinically appropriate and further detail is necessary for clinical management a CT angiogram may be helpful to further evaluate this.2.Findings suggest left middle cerebral artery occlusion at the inferior division. Please note that the MRA exam is somewhat degraded due to motion artifact. As a result details are less conspicuous. If clinically appropriate and further detail is necessary for clinical management a CT angiogram may be helpful to further evaluate this.3.Findings are compatible with acute infarction involving left insular cortex and adjacent aspects of the left centrum semiovale and frontal lobe as well as a small lesion in the left temporal lobe. These are located in the left middle cerebral artery territory.4.Foci of encephalomalacia present along the inferior aspect of the cerebellar hemispheres which are most likely related to prior cerebrovascular event.5.Periventricular and subcortical white matter lesions of a mild degree as well as patchy lesions in the brainstem are nonspecific. At this age they are most likely vascular related. 6.The MRI of the brain exam is limited due to patient inability to cooperate. No susceptibility weighted imaging was performed. No T2 axial or imaging was performed. No axial T1 imaging was performed.
Moderate degenerative changes without acute fracture or malalignment. 
No interval change in the tracheal stent and large right mediastinal mass. No acute pulmonary abnormalities.
1. No radiographic findings to suggest obstruction.2. Prominent hepatic shadow which can be seen in hepatomegaly.3. Left lower lobe consolidation. Please refer to chest radiograph for additional details.
Stable.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1. Multiple submucosal lobular filling defects throughout the uterine cavity likely represent fibroids. Correlation with dedicated ultrasound or MRI is recommended. 2. Trace filling of the proximal portion of the left fallopian tube and questionable filling of the proximal portion of the right fallopian tube. No free spillage.
1.  Increasing size of left common iliac lymph node over series of examinations as measured above.  2.  Status post cystectomy with stable appearance.  3.  No residual fluid collection now identified in pelvis.
Left total hip arthroplasty in near-anatomic alignment.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The distal radius and ulna are in anatomic alignment.
Marked bilateral interstitial fibrosis/bronchiectasis and volume loss, progressed since the prior study, along with increased mediastinal lymphadenopathy.  This is compatible with sarcoidosis or possibly chronic hypersensitivity pneumonitis.
1.	No evidence of pulmonary embolism.  2.	Cardiomegaly and dilated atria consistent with left and right heart failure. There is mild interstitial edema. 3.	Hypoattenuating liver lesions are not adequately evaluated on the current study.  Recommend further evaluation with dedicated liver protocol CT or MRI as clinically warranted.4.	Limited examination for DVT.  No discrete filling defect is seen.  Recommend correlation with duplex exam.
1.No evidence of pulmonary embolus to the segmental arteries.2.Retrocardiac groundglass opacity noted in the left lower lobe, which may represent atelectasis. This area is affected by respiratory motion.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
Fracture of the fourth metacarpal with minimal dorsal displacement.
Bilateral benign calcifications. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.Mammography is optimally performed when prior studies are available to detect changes. If the patient's prior mammograms are submitted, then comparisons will be made for future exams.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
Interval progression of pulmonary metastases.
1.	Stranding is noted about the pancreas, suggestive of pancreatitis.2.	Thickening of the bladder wall, nonspecific but may be related to chronic bladder outlet obstruction.3.	Cirrhotic liver morphology, and cholelithiasis.
1.Redemonstration of subtle loss of gray-white differentiation and mild sulcal effacement in the right inferior frontal lobe and anterior insular region suspicious for acute infarct in the right MCA distribution. 2.No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage, midline shift, or herniation.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.	Since prior MRI examination patient has undergone left the parietal lobe and left lateral ventricle surgery.  There is attendant postsurgical fracture present.2.	There is a new thickening of the falx cerebri which is suspected to represent a new subdural hematoma along the falx.  It appears to extend to the left tentorial leaf.3.	An alphanumeric page was sent to the neurosurgeon (Dr Khorasani) at the time of this dictation.
1. Compared to prior CT neck from 9/9/2014, there is evidence of tumor recurrence with soft tissue mass seen extending from the mediastinum to the right neck and encasing the right common carotid and right subclavian arteries. There is mild progression of metastatic disease in the chest compared to CT chest from 12/30/2014. 2. Increased soft tissue edema in the right neck extending to the right periorbital region may be related to central venous obstruction.4. Left tracheal deviation and mild airway narrowing at the supraglottic level.5. Bilateral thyroid lesions are also compatible with metastasis.6. Unchanged left globe retinal detachment with subretinal hemorrhagic collection. 
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process or active tuberculosis.
Stable exam as compared to prior.
1.  No pulmonary embolism or DVT.  2.  Scattered airspace opacities may be due to infection or mild edema.  Imaging follow-up after resolution of acute symptoms could be obtained if clinically indicated.
1.  No interval change in reference in reference pleural lesions.2.  Exophytic lesion arising from the upper pole of the left kidney is not completely imaged on this study but remains suspicious for renal cell carcinoma.  Dedicated renal protocol CT is recommended for further evaluation.
1.Interval resolution of foci of recurrent HCC adjacent to the ablation cavity. 2.No specific evidence of disease. However given history of HCC recurrence, short interval follow-up in 3-6 months is recommended to ensure stability.
1. Chronic short segment occlusion of the proximal superior mesenteric artery with distal reconstitution of flow.2. Short segment near total occlusion of the bilateral proximal renal arteries with distal reconstitution of flow.3. Mottled enhancement pattern of the liver which likely represents hepatic venous congestion.4. Marked cardiomegaly with partially imaged LVAD.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.   BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Nonspecific micronodules with no specific evidence of metastases.
Findings compatible with hemangioblastomatosis are again seen including dural tumor studding along the anterior interhemispheric falx and numerous enhancing nodules within the posterior fossa. Relative to the immediate prior examination, there has been no significant interval change. Compared to an older examination, increased tumor size and progressive edema are noted.
1. Findings suggestive of left inferior breast/upper abdominal wall superficial thrombophlebitis, in the area of palpable concern as indicated by the patient. No mammographic evidence of malignancy at this site. 2. High probability benign left upper inner clustered microcyst, for which a 6 month diagnostic ultrasound follow up is recommended to ensure stability of the finding. BIRADS: 3 - Probably benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: 3B - Followup at Short Interval (1-11 Months). I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1. Sludge is seen within the gallbladder without evidence of stones or acute cholecystitis.2. No renal transplant abnormalities visualized.
1.  Right frontal, right posterior parietal, and left frontal lobe lesions are not significantly changed.  No new brain lesions.2.  Stable examination of the neck.  Destructive lesions of the spine and upper thoracic rib are unchanged.  Lymphadenopathy within the supraclavicular regions are not significantly changed.3.  Multiple micronodules within the lungs.  Please see the dedicated chest/abdomen/pelvis CT for complete evaluation.
1. Lobulated/nodular hepatic contour suggests chronic liver disease.2. Colonic diverticulosis without evidence of acute diverticulitis.3. Midline fusion of the kidneys.
1. There is no evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage, mass effect, or edema. Chronic small vessel ischemic disease. Please note CT is insensitive for the early detection of acute nonhemorrhagic cerebral infarction. If there is high suspicion for acute ischemia, consider MRI for further evaluation.2. Extensive chronic opacification of the right maxillary sinus and the right anterior ethmoid sinus, as described above. I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.	Increased portacaval and mediastinal lymphadenopathy.2.	Stable right cervical cyst.3.	Unchanged intrahepatic and extrahepatic biliary ductal dilatation without definite cause of obstruction.
Cardiomegaly without evidence of acute chest syndrome or pneumonia.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
1.Predominantly solid left thyroid nodule measuring up to 1.9 cm.2.Multiple subcentimeter hypoechoic nodules in the right thyroid lobe.
Predominantly right-sided air space opacities unchanged. Persistent small pleural effusions with retrocardiac consolidation.
Mild perihilar and basal interstitial and airspace opacities compatible with edema, aspirate or atelectasis.
Diffuse subpleural reticular and traction bronchiectasis with apical predominance which is not typical for UIP.  The differential includes chronic hypersensitivity pneumonitis and occupational lung disease.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
Multifocal high attenuation within the right lower lobe consistent with recent oral contrast aspiration. Otherwise stable examination.
50% cross-sectional narrowing of the trachea before bifurcation, significant narrowing of the left mainstem bronchus, complete interruption of a short segment of the left mainstem bronchus, pulmonary vascularity perfusion less on the left and right, numerous systemic arterial supply to the right lung arising from the descending aorta.  Suggestion of a transverse band in sub neoaortic area.
Peripheral location of Swan-Ganz catheter.
No acute abnormality to explain left lower quadrant tenderness to palpation. 
Normal examination, with no specific findings to account for the patient's pain.
Interval partial resolution of the right upper lobe nodular opacities compatible with an infectious   etiology.  Severe upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are identified.
Continued interval healing of the talar fracture
1.	Hypoplastic left sphenoid sinus with mild mucosal thickening and small amount of bubbly fluid content, concerning for acute sinusitis.2.	There is a hypoplastic left frontal sinus.3.	The rest of the paranasal sinuses are normally pneumatized.4.	Concha bullosa of the left middle turbinate.
No acute intracranial process.
1.  Findings suspicious for acute infarct in the left cerebellum.2.  Subacute/chronic infarct in the right occipital lobe and scattered lacunar infarcts in the posterior circulation distribution.
1.Scattered plexiform neurofibromas with the largest along the first metatarsal bone. 2.Positive ulnar variance with findings likely related to impaction involving the lunate and triquetral bones. 
Achilles tendinopathy as above. If there is clinical concern for a tear, repeat MRI be considered.
Suboptimal examination secondary to limited residual contrast in the glenohumeral joint space.  No gross abnormalities of the rotator cuff or glenoid fossa are appreciated, however, cannot exclude small tears on this examination.
Dobbhoff tube tip likely in the gastric cardia, though not seen on subsequent radiograph.
Interval stable and evolution of subacute right MCA territory ischemic stroke with no evidence of hemorrhage.
1. Left otitis with erosion of the ossicles, scutum and tegmen tympani. 2. Opacification of the right mastoid with no definite bony destruction or erosion. 
1.	No acute intracranial abnormalities.2.	Right frontal shunt catheter which terminates in the left basal ganglia and ventriculomegaly, unchanged.3. Stable appearance of right occipital catheter fragment.
1.	Findings are compatible with subacute infarction involving the entire right middle cerebral artery distribution superimposed on old infarctions in the right middle cerebral artery distribution with old lacunar infarcts in the right basal ganglia and evidence for Wallerian degeneration.  There is no evidence for hemorrhagic conversion2.	Periventricular and subcortical white matter hypodensities of a moderate degree are present.3.	Punctate hypodensities are present in the thalami and brainstem suspicious for lacunar infarcts
Bilateral femoral head avascular necrosis, right greater than left, with mild collapse of the right femoral head and secondary degenerative changes as described above. No acute fracture is evident
No findings to explain the patient's pain.  No evidence of small bowel obstruction.Stable chronic findings, described above.
1.  Asymmetric soft tissue thickening in the right nasopharynx, with adjacent lytic lesions involving the right petrous apex.  Although the findings can be secondary to previous surgery and treatment, recurrence cannot be excluded.  Possibly small right retropharyngeal lymph node.  Comparison with prior outside study will be helpful.2.  Scattered mild right paratracheal and superior mediastinum lymphadenopathy.  Please correlate with CT chest for more complete evaluation of the extent of superior adenopathy.   3.  Right upper lobe pneumonia.  4.  Paranasal sinus and left middle ear and mastoid opacification probably represent mucosal inflammatory disease.  Please also correlate with clinical findings.
Two focal asymmetries in the right upper outer quadrant, mid and posterior depth, for which additional views, including spot compression views are recommended.BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: EB - Additional Mammo/Ultrasound Workup Required.
1.Multiple new very small bilateral pulmonary nodules suspicious for metastases.2.New small bilateral pleural effusions, greater on the right.3.New hypoattenuating splenic lesions are suspicious for metastasis.4.Extensive osseous metastases which are increasingly more lytic consistent with progression. New compression fractures in the thoracic and lumbar spine.
1.Slight interval decrease in right pleural effusion and stable left pleural effusion.2.Stable soft tissue attenuation in the left cardiophrenic angle and anterior mediastinum. Continued observation is recommended. 3.No new suspicious pulmonary or pleural nodules.
Stable extraluminal loculated air fluid collection within the anterior mesentery adjacent to the ileocolonic anastomosis consistent with abscess.
1. No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage or mass effect. Please note CT is insensitive for the detection of acute non-hemorrhagic infarcts, and MRI should be considered if there is continued clinical suspicion.2. Enlargement of the ventricles is somewhat out of proportion to the margin of the sulci. This could relate to normal pressure hydrocephalus in the correct clinical setting versus central cerebral volume loss.3. Nonspecific supratentorial white matter hypoattenuation most likely relates to chronic small vessel ischemic changes.Dr. Sorensen discussed impression #1 with the patient's nurse, Shannon Guerra, on 10/15/2016 at 1348 hours. Per nurse Guerra, the patient has had recent surgery and is not a candidate for TPA.
Minimal residual treated tumor in the left nasopharyngeal region.
1. No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage, mass effect or edema.2. A 3 mm wide peripherally calcified lesion along the outer table of the right parietal bone likely represents a chronic subgaleal hematoma. 3. Right anterior middle cranial fossa arachnoid cyst.
1.No significant change in reference pelvic soft tissue nodule. No new evidence of recurrence or lymph nodes.
ET tube in acceptable position.
Peritoneal dialysis catheter has been removed.Cardiomegaly, hepatomegaly atrophic kidneys, cholelithiasis, ascites are unchanged.  No evidence of intra-abdominal abscess.
No interval change without evidence of metastatic disease
Minimal diffuse lung haziness without evidence of pneumonia.
Focal thickening rectosigmoid and sigmoid colon of uncertain etiology.  No evidence of abscess or perforation.  Cholelithiasis.  Bilateral nephrolithiasis.  Extensive airspace disease right lower lobe and bilateral pleural effusions.  Other findings as above.
No specific evidence of recurrent or residual disease.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities noted.
Probable small vessel disease with questionable new focus of subcortical infarction the left frontal lobe since the study of 12/2007.  MRI of the brain is recommended to fully evaluate for possible acute ischemic change.
1.  Stable interval exam without evidence of enlarged lymph nodes to suggest lymphoma recurrence.2.  Stable cholelithiasis without complications.
1. Annuloaortic ectasia - stable since 6/26/2007. 2. No evidence for aortic aneurysm or dissection. 3. No other abnormalities seen. 
Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age with left mastoid disease.
Stable pulmonary nodules. No new sites of disease.
Soft tissue swelling without evidence of acute fracture or dislocation.
Normal examination.
The pull-up is distended with air and fluid, correlate for signs of outlet obstruction. Right diaphragmatic hernia containing a loop of bowel. Left posterior mediastinal opacity may reflect a fluid-filled loop of intrathoracic bowel but is of unclear etiology and a loculated fluid collection cannot be excluded. CT may be obtained if patient has symptoms of infection or leak.
Stable cardiopulmonary appearance. No pneumothorax.
1.	No evidence of intracranial abnormality.2.	Expansile bony lesion projecting into the right maxillary sinus may represent dentigerous cyst.  Recommend dedicated the studies.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography. Left-sided PICC terminates within the region of the axilla.
Echogenic renal parenchyma consistent with medical renal disease/parenchymal dysfunction without mass, stone, or hydronephrosis.
1. Stable postsurgical change in the left supraclavicular fossa and lower neck with no cervical lymphadenopathy, mass or osseous abnormality.2. Stable right thyroid nodule. 
Mild right hydronephrosis with a suspicious 3-mm calcification in right pelvis that may be a partially obstructing calculus.
1.  Bibasilar atelectasis/consolidation as described above.2.  Extensive axillary and subpectoral lymphadenopathy suggestive of sarcoid or lymphoma.3.  Asymmetric breast tissue, left greater than right, correlate with mammogram.
Mild osteoarthritis of the right forefoot as above. No acute fracture or malalignment.
No CT evidence of appendicitis.  4.9-cm right adnexal cyst; correlate with gynecologic ultrasound.  Small pelvic lymph nodes.
No pulmonary embolus.  No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Swan-Ganz catheter tip remains in the right superior pulmonary artery. No interval change from prior exam.
Progression of numerous intracranial metastatic lesions is seen. The lesions have become thicker and more conspicuously hyper attenuating compared to prior CT. This hyperattenuation is felt more likely to be due to tumor cellularity rather than hemorrhage, though MRI will be required for more definitive evaluation.
Gastric emptying within normal limits.
1.	Interval percutaneous drainage of previously described fluid collection in the central portion of the liver.2.	No change in posterior subcutaneous fluid collection.3.	New left portal vein thrombosis.4.	
No interval change. No specific evidence of pulmonary infection.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.	No evidence for cervical spine fracture2.	No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema.
1.	No evidence of acute intracranial abnormality.  CT is not sensitive to subtle acute ischemic injury.  If ischemia remains highly suspicious in clinical setting, a MR study is recommended.2.	Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age.
Hypoinflated lungs with bibasilar atelectasis.
1.A new pulmonary micronodule in the right upper lobe may represent an intrapulmonary lymph node and can be monitored on subsequent exams. Other findings in the lungs including right pleural/diaphragmatic thickening are stable.2.Stable to minimally interval increase in mediastinal and hilar lymphadenopathy particularly on the left, continued observation is recommended.3.Please refer to the separately dictated report for the CT of the abdomen.
New patchy opacities may represent foci of infection. Reticulonodular opacities in lower lobes may be related to aspiration bronchiolitis.
BB within the anterior soft tissues of the elbow.
Enlarged left para-aortic lymph node has been slowly enlarging since 2011; this is suspicious for disease recurrence.
1.Multiple areas of pleural thickening with calcification are likely related to prior asbestos exposure and are unchanged.2.Interval resolution of bibasilar groundglass opacities.3.Nonspecific upper abdominal lymphadenopathy.
ETT unchanged
No acute intracranial abnormality.  Deformity resulting from chronic left orbital floor fracture.
1. No mass effect, midline shift,  or acute hemorrhage.   2. No CT evidence of dural sinus or deep vein thrombus.  
1.Cerebellar tonsils descending below the level of the foramen magnum compatible with a Chiari I malformation. Clinical correlation is recommended to determine whether this may be related to the patient's symptoms.2.No additional abnormalities noted to explain the patient's headache.
Bilateral nonspecific pulmonary opacity with no acute change.
Mild CHF pattern, stable. ET tube 5 cm above the carina.
Increase in peritoneal and mesenteric disease as detailed above.
Normal renal parenchymal echogenicity, without evidence of hydronephrosis or nephrolithiasis.
Interval increase in lower zone predominant multi-focal areas of consolidation/bronchiectasis with superimposed nodular air space opacities in the right lower lobe compatible with aspiration/infection.  
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are identified.
Unchanged cardiopulmonary appearance. Swan-Ganz catheter may been slightly advanced.
Mild osteoarthritis of the right wrist and other areas of osteoarthritis as detailed above.
No radiopaque foreign body is evident.
1.No current FDG-avid tumor within the neck, chest, abdomen, and pelvis.2.Additional findings suggestive of a unilateral left sacral insufficiency fracture, possibly related to radiation therapy.
Normal examination.
1.	Diffuse tumor involving the mesentery with bulky mesenteric masses that distort the small bowel causing areas of partial bowel obstruction2.	Loculated anterior mesenteric ascites3.	Heterogeneous contrast column in the IVC and common iliac vessels; correlate for DVT4.	Enhancement of the common bile duct; representing either cholangitis or tumor involvement5.	Heterogeneous gallbladder
Stable bilateral benign calcifications. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Normal time average mean velocities of intracranial blood vessels as described above (<180 cm/sec).
1.	Interval clearing of the airspace right lung and left upper lobe opacities identified on the exam dated 3/31/11.2.	No evidence interstitial lung disease.  Mild basilar bronchiectasis.3.	No evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1.Compared to the immediate postoperative study, there has been decrease in the size of CSF space along the posterior neo-foramen magnum. There is associated significant decrease in CSF flow along the neo-foramen magnum and prepontine cistern, which now appears asynchronous as well. Please correlate clinically, as there may be development of adhesions.2.Compared to the preoperative study, the size of syrinx has decreased with residual cervicothoracic syrinx as described above.
Multifocal streaky opacities on a background of chronic lung disease.
1.Stable pelvic lymphadenopathy.2.Diffuse osseous metastases are grossly unchanged from prior exam, however, they are better characterized on bone scan from same day.
Negative renal ultrasound. Specifically, no hydronephrosis, worrisome mass, or stone.
Post right frontal ICH evacuation status, no change in terms of local mass effects and minimal midline shift since prior exam.No evidence of new ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion.
1.Gallbladder wall thickening without gallstones, gallbladder distention or pericholecystic fluid. Imaging findings are nonspecific and include gallbladder wall edema due to heart failure or hypoalbuminemia. Acalculous cholecystitis can have a similar appearance.2.Findings suggestive of right heart dysfunction with dilated hepatic veins and phasic flow in the portal vein.
No change in smoothly marginated benign appearing right lower lobe nodule.  CT follow-up in one year recommended.
1. 5.0 cm peristomal hernia containing loops of small bowel without evidence of obstruction or other complication.2. There is mild wall thickening of the non-distended stomal bowel loop extending proximally for 8 cm into the pelvis where there is more significant asymmetric wall thickening and proximal/upstream focal dilatation. No significant peri-enteric inflammatory changes. The findings could represent acute and/or chronic inflammatory changes, including adhesive disease.3. Incidental 2.1 cm right adnexal lesion may correspond to a cyst seen on the 2013 MR.4. Left nephroureteral stent without hydroureteronephrosis.5. Mild non-specific left lower lobe bronchiolitis. 
1.Approximately 2.9 mm thick left anterior frontal subdural without associated mass effect. No prior exams for comparison.2.Unremarkable nonenhanced head CT otherwise.
Enlarging pleural fluid collections. Retrocardiac opacity nonspecific, most likely atelectasis.
Small pleural effusions and basilar atelectasis, unchanged.
Changes from surfactant administration/deficiency. Mildly dilated bowel in an organized pattern.
Patent extrahepatic common hepatic artery as outlined above. The intrahepatic left and right hepatic arteries were unable to be identified, but this may be artifactual given patent nature of the extrahepatic artery. Other indices as outlined above.
No specific evidence of infection or edema.
1.Multiple gallbladder wall polyps which follow-up is suggested. Largest measuring 1.2 cm.2.Hepatic parenchyma without diagnostic abnormality.
Increase in size of mesenteric lymph nodes.  New ground-glass lung nodule.  Otherwise stable lymphadenopathy.
1. No appreciable change in left ventral C2 cavernous malformation across multiple prior studies dating back to 6/29/2012.2. Mild multilevel degenerative changes including central disc protrusion at C3-4 with mild spinal canal stenosis and mild to moderate left neural foraminal stenosis is also not significantly changed.
Large amount of ingested material in the stomach without evidence of megacolon.
Negative head CT
The umbilical venous catheter tip within the umbilical vein.
Swan-Ganz catheter terminates within the interlobar pulmonary artery.
1. Tiny patellar osteophytes representing minimal osteoarthritis of the knees.2. Periosteal reaction as described above, which may represent hypertrophic osteoarthropathy in this patient with known lung cancer.
1.  Small fluid collection in the subcutaneous tissues of the right anterior abdominal wall with surrounding asymmetric soft tissue, which may represent a surgically created flap or a thickened enhancing wall around the fluid collection.  Correlation with surgical history is recommended.2.  Nonspecific right middle lobe pulmonary nodules.  If the patient has risk factors for lung cancer such as smoking, follow up CT in 6 to 12 months is recommended.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography.
1.	There is normal appearance of the soft tissue cervical airways.2.	Interval near complete resolution of the minimal post therapy changes in the left soft tissue the neck. 3.	No significant cervical lymphadenopathy.  4.	No any intracranial, dural or leptomeningeal metastasis. 
Bibasilar and right upper lobe either atelectasis or pneumonia with possible left-sided pleural effusion.
Normal examination.
Findings suggestive of a constipation pattern with above average stool burden in the right colon.
1. Degeneration/tearing of the lateral meniscus as described above. The medial meniscus appears intact. 2. Osteoarthritis of the right knee with focal full-thickness articular cartilage degeneration as described above.
Findings in the neck related to prior surgery without evidence of disease recurrence. No evidence of intracranial metastatic disease.
Right upper lung zone nodular opacity which most likely represents infection in this clinical setting and age group. Short-term (4-6 week) follow-up PA/lateral radiograph recommended to ensure resolution.Findings not included in preliminary report were discussed with COSBAN, TRAVIS at 9:45 AM 1/25/2016.
1. No acute fracture or subluxation. Developmental variants as detailed above.2. Mild heterogeneous appearance of the thyroid gland with focal low density in the center of the right lobe. Correlation with thyroid function tests is recommended and thyroid ultrasound may be obtained as clinically indicated.
1.  No evidence of active infection.2.  Ascending aortic ectasia (4.7 cm).
No evidence of metastatic disease. No significant interval change.
Degenerative osseous changes and post-traumatic activity in the ribs without discrete evidence of bone metastases.
1. No evidence of bowel obstruction.  2. Polypoid mass that appears to be contiguous with the prostate gland projects into the bladder lumen, presumably representing the median lobe of prostate.  Please correlate clinically.
1.	No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema.2.	No evidence for brain metastases. MRI with contrast is more sensitive for detecting brain metastases than CT.
1. No urolithiasis, solid renal mass, or evident upper tract urothelial lesion2. Enlarged prostate
Severe narrowing at the level of the ileoileal anastomosis (at proximal aspect of J-pouch), appearance consistent with stricture, measures up to 2.8 cm in length. No upstream bowel dilatation seen to suggest flow-limiting nature of stenosis.
No scintigraphic evidence of acute cholecystitis however the absence of small bowel activity is highly suggestive of an obstructing common ductal stone. These results were relayed to the Inflammatory Bowel Disease service (Pager #1776) at 1230. 
Basilar predominant pulmonary fibrosis and honeycombing compatible with mild to moderate usual interstitial pneumonia pattern.  No significant air trapping is present.
No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema.
Expected appearance status post intra-abdominal surgery.
Nasal septal deviation towards the left.  Small retention cyst right aspect of sphenoid sinus.  Patent  ethmoid infundibula.
Moderate tricompartmental osteoarthritic changes. Small effusion
Overall, the cystic collection in the suprasellar region appears slightly less prominent than the prior study.  No other significant change from prior.  Ventricular size is unchanged.
ET tube in acceptable position.
Persistent multifocal opacities, likely atelectasis on a background of chronic lung disease.
Multifocal opacities suggestive of pneumonia, as well as moderate bronchial wall thickening.
No significant change in lymphadenopathy or skeletal lesions allowing for differences in technique.  Reference right upper lobe measurement unchanged.  Interval development of multiple pulmonary nodules which may be infectious or metastatic.  Suggest plain film follow-up in 4-6 weeks to assess for resolution.  Right lower lobe nodule, nodule anterior to the left lower lobe bronchus and peribronchial nodules are atypical for infectious or inflammatory lesions based on distribution and may be metastatic.
Lines and tubes, as above.
1. No evidence of acute pulmonary embolism.2. Multifocal groundglass opacities in the right upper and middle lobes and lingula are nonspecific and likely represent infection.3. Pneumomediastinum.Findings communicated to Dr. Kao, Chen-Kai at 11:00 AM on 8/8/16.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
1.	Subtle focus of parenchymal increased density along the medial/inferior aspect of the right cerebellum with suggestion of subtle mass effect on the fourth ventricle.  Recommend follow-up with MRI to exclude a mass.2.	Unremarkable nonenhanced head CT otherwise.
1. Interval increase in size of diffuse bilateral subdural hemorrhage. No intraparenchymal hemorrhage. Stable ventricular size. 
Immature swallowing and mastication skills with incomplete clearance and significant retrograde flow.Please see the speech and language therapist's report for feeding recommendations.
Mild soft tissue swelling; no fracture.
Multifocal pneumonia.
Status post thyroidectomy. 0.3 cm cystic focus in the superior left thyroid bed is nonspecific and of uncertain clinical significance. Continued follow up is recommended. 
Negative right elbow examination
Nonspecific airspace and interstitial opacity compatible with the clinical diagnosis of pneumonia and ARDS.
Moderate scattered foci of hypodensity in the periventricular and subcortical white matter, suspicious for a combination of demyelinating plaques and small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age.  Although there is no CT evidence of acute territorial infarction, CT is insensitive for the early detection of non-hemorrhagic CVA and MRI may be considered if clinically indicated.
No evidence of acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion.
No pulmonary emboli or other significant abnormalities.
1. During hyperemia, a perfusion defect was present at the lateral (transmural) and inferolateral (subendocardial) at the base and mid segments. The burden of the ischemia is 5/32 potential segments (16%).2. There is late gadolinium enhancement noted in the base to mid segments of the lateral and inferior walls in up to 50% of the thickness of the myocardium. This finding is compatible with prior myocardial infarction. The rest of the myocardium is viable.3. Normal LV size and systolic function (LVEF 54%).4. Normal RV size and systolic function (RVEF 53%).
Dobbhoff tube tip projects over the distribution of the first portion of the duodenum.
1.  No PE.2.  Dense masslike consolidation at the left apex with mediastinal lymphadenopathy.  Although atypical/fungal infection could have this appearance, malignancy must also be considered. 3.  Moderate emphysema.
1. No evidence of fracture or subluxation of the cervical spine. 2. Degenerative disease of the cervical spine. 
Acute on chronic paranasal sinus disease, increased compared to prior.
1.	No evidence of compression fracture.2.	Diffuse degenerative disk disease involving the entire thoracic and lumbar spine.3.	Stenosis of the central spinal canal is suspected at L3-4 and L4-5.  Please note that CT is not appropriate for the evaluation of the spinal cord and soft tissues.  If clinically indicated, further evaluation with MRI or myelography may be considered.
1.	No evidence of acute intracranial findings.2.	Cerebral and more significantly cerebellar parenchymal volume loss as detailed.  No appreciable change.
1.  Slight interval decrease in the size of the peritoneal and mesenteric metastatic implants with measurements provided above.2.  Enlarged left periaortic lymph node is also slightly decreased in size.2.  Stable hepatic lesions.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy in the left breast. Patient indicated a staging MRI was performed at outside hospital. Kindly submit outside hospital MRI for review.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: T - Take Appropriate Action - No Letter.
Findings of bronchiolitis have increased in severity and distribution.
No significant interval change
Pectus excavatum deformity with Haller index of 8.51.
External fixation of the tibial and fibular osteotomies as detailed above.
Increased pericardial effusion. New focal right hilar consolidation and bibasilar atelectasis.Extensive thickening of the colonic wall is compatible with pancolitis, probably infectious in a patient with neutropenia.  Borderline mesenteric lymphadenopathy. Probable cystitis. 
Postsurgical changes as described above, without acute abnormality.
Interval improvement in extensive cervical adenopathy.
Unchanged unchanged central bronchiectasis with no new findings or acute abnormalities.
Cholangiocarcinoma with significant retroperitoneal and porta hepatic lymphadenopathy and peritoneal carcinomatosis as described above.
No significant change from previous study.
Mild acromioclavicular joint osteoarthritis without fracture or malalignment.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
1. Moderate to severe pan-sinus disease, which is slightly worse from recent CT of the head dated 1/16/15 and much worse compared to CT 11/4/2014. 2. Focal areas of dehiscence are seen in the left cribriform plate and fovea ethmoidalis on the left. These are of uncertain age and may be developmental versus related to an aggressive infection. Consider MRI per sinus/anterior skull base protocol with contrast to exclude possibility of intracranial extension. 
1.	Stable left frontal perianeurysmal hematoma, surrounding vasogenic edema and overall mass effect and midline shift.2.	No evidence new hemorrhage, hydrocephalus or new ischemic stroke.
1.  No signficant interval change of right basal ganglia and caudate parenchymal hematoma, and intraventricular hemorrhage.2.  Unchanged ventriculomegaly.3.  Unchanged cerebral edema.4.  Slight repositioning of left frontal ventriculostomy catheter.
Small right apical pneumothorax.
1.	No evidence for local recurrence.  2.	A borderline size to module with a benign appearance is stable relative to prior exam
1.Cholelithiasis without sonographic signs of cholecystitis.2.Echogenic slightly coarse liver is nonspecific but can be seen in diffuse hepatic dysfunction or fatty infiltration. No focal hepatic lesion.3.Left pleural effusion.4.Echogenic right kidney can be seen in nonspecific medical renal disease.
1. Increased hepatic echogenicity consistent with hepatic steatosis or parenchymal disease, without discrete focal lesion. 2. Cholelithiasis. 
Interval decrease in bilateral pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax.
1.Signal abnormality and dural based enhancement in bilateral paramedian posterior parietal and continuous through the superior sagittal sinus consistent with residual meningioma as detailed and measuring at 12 x 19.5 x 37 mm.2.Extensive cystic and minimally hemorrhagic encephalomalacia at the site of previously resected meningioma in the right posterior parietal as detailed.3.Stable diffuse punctate and patchy white matter FLAIR hyperintensity since prior exam and likely representing chronic small vessel ischemic strokes with possible overlapping post radiation changes.
Small to moderate pleural effusions with basal atelectasis.
1. No evidence of acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion.2. No abnormal enhancement intracranially.3. Possible nasal polyposis especially left inferior posterior turbinate, clinical correlation is recommended.
No sign of metastases, or other acute abnormality. 
1.No evidence of metastatic disease.2.Moderate to severe coronary and other arterial calcifications.
Upper thoracic levoscoliosis and right lower thoracic/lumbar dextroscoliosis.
No evidence of metastatic disease.  Please see dedicated neck CT report for further details.
Paucity of bowel gas within the abdomen.
Osteoarthritis without evidence of acute fracture or dislocation.
1. Focal protuberance along lateral aspect of cirrhotic liver is stable compared to 7/2011 exam and does not show enhancement characteristics suspicious for HCC. 2. Chronic portal vein thrombosis with cavernous transformation.3. Findings compatible with portal hypertension, including splenorenal shunt and ascites. 
Status post left lower lobectomy without complication.
No evidence of interstitial lung disease. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.
Diffuse lung opacities right greater than left.  The differential is extensive and includes infection from viral and fungal agents.  Tuberculosis and PCP are also in the differentialCalcifications in blood vessel.  These most likely are calcified clots of long-standing duration.
Aborted CT guided lung biopsy.  Since the comparison CT, the lesion of interest has changed in appearance, smaller and now with a posterior cavitary component that appears to directly communicate with a right lower lobe bronchus.  The adjacent remaining soft tissue component of this lesion might be accessible via bronchoscopy if a tissue diagnosis is still required.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality, or evidence of acute hemorrhagic or ischemic infarct. If clinical suspicion is high for an acute ischemic stroke, can consider MRI for better sensitivity.2. Chronic white matter changes as described above.3. No significant interval change of paranasal sinus disease. 
Interval growth of left upper lobe nodule, suspicious for a metastasis or primary carcinoma.   
1.  Stable exam without new evidence to suggest recurrent or residual malignancy.2.  Findings consistent with recurrent and chronic aspiration.
No intracranial mass or abnormal enhancement to suggest metastatic diseaseI personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.Echogenic renal cortices compatible with medical renal disease.2.No sonographic findings of nephrolithiasis or hydronephrosis.
Limited exam secondary to patient motion.  Unremarkable CT examination of the head with no acute intracranial abnormality.
No evidence of obstruction, free intraperitoneal air, or abscess.
No evidence of metastatic disease.  Specifically no identifiable left axillary mass as noted per clinical history.
1. Right upper lobe consolidation compatible with pneumonia.2. Mild cardiomegaly, edema-like opacities and very small pleural effusions suggestive of mild CHF. 3. Small amount of ascites.
Radiopaque video capsule likely to be within the small bowel.
1.No sonographic evidence of cholelithiasis or biliary ductal dilatation.2.Echogenic hepatic parenchyma suggestive of fatty infiltration. If patient has persistent pruritus or biliary abnormality consider M.R.C.P.
Some reference hepatic/mesenteric lesions are stable, others demonstrating slight increase in size.  However, many of the masses as described have in increased solid component worrisome for disease progression.
1.	No CT evidence of an intra-abdominal bleed.  2.	Bowel wall thickening without dilatation or obstruction.  Correlate for infection.
Marked thickening mostly in the small intestine consistent with versus host disease.  Less likely infectious etiology.Main duct type pancreatic IPMNs..
Left total hip arthroplasty in near-anatomic alignment.
Suboptimal exam without IV contrast.Peritoneal carcinomatosis, an ovarian or gastrointestinal particularly colon primary malignancy should be considered if not already known. Moderate to large ascites; bilateral pleural effusions, superimposed infection not entirely excluded.Again noted nodular liver.Mild ventral skin thickening, correlate clinically for cellulitis.Subcentimeter left breast soft tissue focus medially, may be an intramammary lymph nodes but nonspecific, mammographic correlation suggested.
Normal examination.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.   BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Normal celiac artery and superior mesenteric artery without evidence of stenosis or compression.
There are multiple dilated loops of small and large bowel in generalized ileus pattern.
1. Interval of the signal abnormality in the splenium of the corpus callosum, which is compatible with transient splenial hyperintensity. 2. Interval resolution of prominent subarachnoid spaces in the optic nerve sheaths related to prior pseudotumor cerebri. Likewise, interval mild diffuse prominence of the sulci and ventricles may be related to treatment effects.3. Diffuse thickening and hypointensity of the skull may be related to renal osteodystrophy.
Normal
No significant pneumothorax. No change in basilar atelectasis with small lung volumes.
Status post left frontal ICP monitor placement with findings suspicious for mild cerebral edema.  There is also mild subdural hemorrhage with small contusion involving the right temporoparietal region as described above.  The findings are better seen on the current study when compared to the previous exam due to removal of overlying metallic artifact.  When accounting for differences in technique the findings are stable when compared to the previous study performed earlier in 9/24/09.
Stable appearance of multiple foci involving the spine and pelvis as described above. No new foci identified.
No evidence of bowel obstruction.
Significant interval increase in the size of the left supraclavicular adenopathy.  Significant interval increase in size and number of hepatic metastases and retroperitoneal adenopathy.
Focal area of high attenuation seen at the right lower quadrant which may represent an appendicolith.  The appendix itself is not discretely identified.  There are inflammatory changes and fat stranding seen at the right lower quadrant anteriorly.  The possibility of early appendicitis cannot be excluded. No abscess or abnormal fluid collection.
ET tube with its tip in the proximal left mainstem bronchus. Subsequent imaging demonstrates appropriate repositioning.
Normal CT examination of both right and left temporal bones.
Specimen radiographs of the left breast excision did not contain radioactive seed. Dr. Kulkarni stated that she removed the seed from the specimen and sent to Radiation safety office.BIRADS: 4 - Suspicious Abnormality.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
Healing distal tibia fracture in near anatomic alignment.
1.	Improving right lung opacities and focal pleural thickening.  No evidence of new pleural or parenchymal disease.2.	Improving mediastinal and hilar lymphadenopathy.3.	Multiple additional findings, as above, are unchanged.
No renal calculi or any other findings to account for patient's pain.
1. Marked emphysematous changes without specific evidence of interstitial lung disease.2. Right basilar opacities and bronchial wall thickening, which may be seen in the setting of aspiration.
1.	Findings concerning for moderate to advanced small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age.2.	No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage, edema, mass-effect or midline shift or hydrocephalus.3.	Significantly enlarged bilateral lacrimal glands. Lymphoma, Sjgren's or sarcoidosis should be considered.  Follow-up dedicated MRI and correlation with clinical history is recommended.4.	Extensive chronic sinus disease of partially visualized maxillary sinuses with associated thickening of the sinus walls.
Minimal biapical subpleural scarring and scattered nonspecific pulmonary micronodules, one a background of mild diffuse centrilobular emphysema.
No significant interval change. No acute findings.
Interval increase in size of abscess/infected hematoma arising from the left posterior abdominal wall now associated with overlying subcutaneous abscess; communication of the subcutaneous abscess cavity with the left posterior abdominal wall collection is suspected via the percutaneous drainage catheter tract.In addition, abnormal fistulous communication of this left posterior abdominal wall collection with the descending colon as well as left psoas is again suspected and unchanged.  The sinus/fistulous tract from this collection to the pancreatic lesser sac is also unchanged.
No evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.
1. No significant paranasal sinus disease. Mild rightward nasal septal deviation.2. Incidental possible periapical cyst associated with ADA #3, projecting into the right maxillary sinus along the floor. Please correlate with dental exam.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.  BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
1. Unchanged treated perineural tumor involving the second division of the right trigeminal nerve with extension in the cavernous sinus.2. Findings suggestive of acute rhinosinusitis.
Unchanged opacities in the lung bases.
The above findings are consistent with severe congestive heart failure.
Bilateral lower lobe airspace opacity; may represent early inflammatory/infectious process.  Otherwise, negative exam without neoplastic process.
Bilateral interstitial edema and right pleural effusion not significantly changed.
Right total shoulder arthroplasty in anatomic alignment.
1.Compared to 2009 there has been significant increase in intrahepatic biliary ductal dilatation and multi-focal strictures.2.At or near the hepaticojejunostomy there is 7 mm focal stricturing associated with mild gradual wall enhancement (series 1101/280). A stricture, benign or malignant/with underlying periductal infiltrating cholangiocarcinoma cannot be excluded.
A large colonic mass causing ileocolonic intussusception and small bowel obstruction.  Large retroperitoneal mass.  Lack of IV contrast limited suboptimal evaluation.  This lesion may represent and malignancies such as leiomyosarcoma or metastases versus less likely a large aneurysm arising from aorta.These findings were discussed with Dr. White at the time of the patient.
Postsurgical change of the right parotidectomy with no evidence for local recurrence or neck lymphadenopathy on the basis of CT size criteria for lymphadenopathy.
Swan-Ganz catheter again projects over the right lower lobe continued be pulled back slightly if clinically indicated.
Compared to 8/13/2012, there is slight decrease in size of L4-L5 paracentral protrusion. There may be however some residual mass effect upon the traversing right L5 nerve root in the subarticular zone. There is also mild right L5-S1 neural foraminal narrowing. Otherwise no significant spinal canal or neural foramina stenosis is seen in the lumbar spine.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1. Noncontrast CT of the head demonstrates white matter changes likely related to chronic microvascular ischemic disease. However, non-contrast CT is insensitive for the detection of non-hemorrhagic acute infarct. If there is concern for acute ischemia and no contraindications, consider MRI for further violation.2. No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient (via a Spanish translator).Breast pain should be managed clinically.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
Layering left pleural effusion perhaps slightly improved from the prior examination.
T4 and T8 compression fractures as above without evidence of spinal canal compromise at any level.
Stable bilateral pulmonary nodules.Stable mild cystic lung disease suggestive of lymphocytic interstitial pneumonitis, especially if the patient has underlying history of Sjogren syndrome.
Interval increase in size of bilobar hepatic metastatic lesions as well as interval decrease in size of preaortic lymph node metastatic mass.
1.Index lesions as measured above consistent with stable disease. No new sites of disease.2.Small focus of groundglass opacity right lung base.
No change and no evidence of metastatic disease.   
1.Mild hydroureteronephrosis of the right kidney and crossed fused ectopic left kidney.2.Increased cortical echogenicity of the right kidney and ectopic crossed fused left kidney, compatible with medical renal disease.*SFU grading system: Grade 0: No hydronephrosis. Grade 1: The renal pelvis is visualized. Grade 2: A few but not all of the calices are identified in addition to the renal pelvis. Grade 3: Virtually all the calices are seen. Grade 4: Grade 3 and parenchymal thinning. **SFU grading system retrovesical ureter: Grade 0: No ureteral dilatation. Grade 1: Ureter less than 7 mm. Grade 2: Ureter is 7-10 mm. Grade 3: Ureter is over 10 mm. Fernbach SK, Maizels M, Conway JJ. Ultrasound Grading of Hydronephrosis: Introduction to the System used by the Society for Fetal Urology. Pediatric Radiology (1993) 23: 478-480.***Rosenbaum DM, Korngold E, Teele RL. Sonographic Assessment of Renal Length in Normal Children. AJR Am J. Roentgenol (1984) 142:467-469
Decrease in left pleural effusion postthoracentesis. No pneumothorax identified.
No pneumothorax following chest tube removal. Stable opacities and pleural effusions as well as cardiomegaly.
1. The right floor of mouth mass is no longer measurable. 2. No significant cervical lymphadenopathy.
1.	Findings compatible with right upper lobe primary lung cancer with bilateral pulmonary metastases and mediastinal/retrocrural lymphadenopathy.  2.	Partial collapse of the T7 vertebral body of unknown chronicity.  No osseous lesion is identified.3.	Hypodense upper pole splenic lesion could represent an infarct versus a metastatic lesion.  
Cystic right adnexal lesion as described above for which ovarian torsion cannot be excluded.  Further evaluation with pelvic ultrasound may be considered if clinically warranted.
Minimal right and mild to moderate left osteoarthritis.
Two left adrenal masses.No significant adenopathy within the chest, abdomen or pelvis.Normal sized spleen.
Interval placement of cholecystostomy tube in place.  Interval resolution of the mild biliary dilatation.Sclerotic bone metastases are unchanged.New moderate right-sided pleural effusion and right lower lobe consolidation suspicious for pneumonia.
1.  Interval increase in size of left paratracheal mass.2.  Possible increase in size of 1 cm hepatic hypodensity as described above.3.  Pleural nodularity is stable or decreased. See above for further details.
Orthopedic fixation of distal fibular fracture and other findings as above, not significantly changed.
Decreased size of irregular left upper lobe nodule and resolution of left lower lobe nodule compatible with favorable tumor response.
1.No new suspicious FDG avid lesions identified.2.The perigastric mass remains hypermetabolic, but this could be related to inflammation. 3.Complete resolution of the presacral hypermetabolic focus suggesting an inflammatory process.
Persistent right hemithorax opacification splenic Pleurx catheter was diffuse pulmonary metastases. No new findings.
New retrocardiac opacity suggestive of infection or aspiration.
Limited sensitivity for obstruction or ileus due to the near complete absence of bowel gas.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
Enlarged heterogeneous uterus. Borderline enlarged pelvis nodes. No definite metastases. 
1.Small but increasing hypermetabolic left pharyngeal focus is nonspecific. It could represent inflammation or neoplasm (including lymphoma or primary head and neck cancer). Further evaluation can be made with diagnostic neck CT and/or endoscopy.2.No evidence of FDG avid tumor elsewhere.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Normal CT examination of both right and left temporal bones.
Slight interval increase in the size of the right and left external iliac chain lymph nodes. These may be reactive in etiology, however, given the patient's history of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, special attention should be paid to this area on future studies. 
No specific evidence of infection.
Bilateral pneumothoraces
Swan-Ganz catheter has been pulled back now terminating in the right pulmonary artery. Small right pleural effusion again noted.
Orthopedic fusion of the cervicothoracic spine with new T2 screw fracture and other findings as above.
1. No definitive FDG avid tumor is identified.2. Markedly increased FDG activity within a soft tissue density along the left gluteal fold may represent infection or inflammation, however tumor cannot be entirely excluded.3. Focus of mildly increased activity within the colon at the splenic flexure is nonspecific, but may represent a polyp. Recommend correlation with colonoscopy.
Normal brain CT.
Comminuted fracture of the proximal humerus as above.
Mild hypervolemia with edema and pleural fluid superimposed upon chronic axial interstitial opacities of indeterminate etiology.
No significant interval change or acute abdominopelvic abnormality.
No obvious nodule, but CT would be more effective if one was seen on an outside study.
Mild CHF. Bilateral basal paramediastinal atelectasis/consolidation is nonspecific; underlying infection is not excluded. Suggest serial plain film follow-up to assess for worsening or resolution.
Chronic abdominal aortic aneurysm and aortic dissections with endograft in place, appearing similar to the prior study. No evidence of endoleak or retroperitoneal bleeding.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality. 2. Age-indeterminate lacunar infarcts in the left internal capsule. 
Left upper and lingular opacities as described.
Enteric tube tip projects over the antropyloric region.
No evidence of pneumonia.
1. Soft tissue surrounding the left pleurex catheter contiguous with ipsilateral pleural thickening most likely reflects tumor however the possibility of empyema and extension of infection into the chest wall soft tissues cannot be excluded.  Recommend consultation with nuclear medicine for tagged wbc study and/or triple phase bone scan to exclude soft tissue infection and osteomyelitis.  2.Multiple lytic and permeative rib lesions with multiple fractures in various stages of healing suspicious for metastases.3. New left internal mammary chain lymphadenopathy and infiltration of mediastinal and paravertebral fat by pleural process.4.  Large left pleural fluid collection, more likely to be metastatic than infectious.5.  Pleural nodules and nodular septal thickening in the right lung as well as parenchymal nodules are most consistent with metastatic disease based on distribution. Atypical infection such as fungal infection may produce parenchymal lung nodules and may be considered if the patient is neutropenic.6.  Basilar predominant groundglass abnormality could be due to drug reaction.
1.	Unremarkable CT of brain.2.	No definitive evidence of any masses or pathologic adenopathy.3.	Minimal prominence of right tonsil more noticeable than prior study.
Continued abnormal increased time average mean velocities bilaterally. A MRA of the brain is recommended for further evaluation.
1.There is no acute infarct or intracranial hemorrhage. Mild changes of chronic microvascular ischemia.2.Right parietal white-matter lesion is nonspecific but may reflect sequela of previous ischemia or infection/inflammation. 3.There is an asymmetrically prominent emissary vein in the region of the right condylar canal draining into the jugular vein as described above. This finding is of uncertain significance but raises possibility of early draining vein in the setting of a dural arteriovenous fistula. 
1.	No acute intracranial findings.2.	Extensive small vessel disease of indeterminate age.3.	Negative calvarium, visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells.
1. Hyperdense lesions in the lateral left breast consistent with patient's known history of breast cancer and recent biopsy.2. No other evidence of focal metastatic involvement.3. Cystic lesion in the right lower quadrant is partially imaged. Recommend CT pelvis for further evaluation.
1.	No evidence for local recurrence or neck lymphadenopathy on the basis of CT size criteria for lymphadenopathy2.	No evidence for brain metastases.
1.	No acute pulmonary embolus. 2.	Marked centrilobular emphysema.3.	Right upper lobe nodule, enlarged from 7 mm to 9 mm. This lesion is suspicious for neoplasm and a follow-up CT scan is recommended in approximately 3 to 4 months.  
1.No evidence of recurrence.
No renal, ureteral, or bladder stones.  No findings to explain the patient's symptoms.
Interval clearing of the previously noted ground glass opacities within the left lower lobe.  Residual scarring is identified at the left costophrenic angle
Palpable abnormality consistent with a cluster of cysts in the left medial breast. Six-month follow-up is recommended to assess stability. As long as the patient's physical examination remains stable, left unilateral ultrasound is recommended in 6 months. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient. BIRADS: 3 - Probably benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: 3B - Followup at Short Interval (6 Months).
Osteoarthritis of the ankle and midfoot with soft tissue swelling.
1.Increasing pulmonary consolidation groundglass opacity suggestive of worsening edema with possible overlying infection.2.Partially visualized new enhancing lesion in the right breast, correlate clinically for infectious or inflammatory etiology. Finding discussed with Dr Reizine by phone at 8:54 on 1/14/20163.New geographic area of hypoattenuation in the right kidney which could represent early pyelonephritis, less likely infarct.4.No specific finding of enterocolitis.
CHF, unchanged.
1. Thoracic aortic anatomy as described above. 2. Moderate to severe aortic valve calcification. 3. Moderate left ventricular hypertrophy.  4. Severe coronary calcification with evidence of bypass grafts as described above. 5. Severe mitral annular calcification.This portion of the report pertains to the heart and great vessels only. The remaining soft tissues of the thorax and upper abdomen will be interpreted by the attending chest radiologist and included as an addendum to this report. The abdomen/ pelvis CTA will be reported separately. 
Diffuse supra and infratentorial brain edema with uncal and tonsilar herniation.  These results were relayed to the referring service via the STAT consult system at 1442.
T12 vertebral bone biopsy under CT guidance. A total of two core samples were delivered to pathology for analysis. Touch preps were positive for neoplasm consistent with suspected breast cancer metastasis.
Lucency under the right hemidiaphragm for which upright abdominal radiograph is recommended to exclude pneumoperitoneum.Prominence of the distal transverse arch raises a question of an aneurysm which can be confirmed with a CTA thorax.
1. Patent hepatic vasculature with normal directional flow and waveforms.2. Echogenic medullary pyramids suggestive of medullary nephrocalcinosis.3. Multiple nonobstructive stones in the renal pelvis bilaterally.
Well-demarcated echogenic focus with moderate vascularity seen in the mid LEFT thyroid bed.
1. Interval decrease in size of the left tonsillar squamous cell carcinoma 2. Interval decrease in portions of the left cervical lymphadenopathy, but no significant change in the size of the other portions of the lymphadenopathy, although the degree of necrosis has increased in those lymph nodes.3. Findings suggestive of mucositis.
High probability benign calcifications within the left central breast are not significantly changed. As long as the patient's physical examination remains unremarkable, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended in 12 months. Results and recommendations were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 3 - Probably benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
1.No sonographic findings to explain patient's post prandial abdominal pain.
Improved right-sided pneumothorax. Left-sided pneumothorax nearly completely resolved.
Dobbhoff tube removed. Stable cardiopulmonary appearance without acute abnormalities.
No specific findings to account for the patient's chronic elbow pain.
No interval change in cardiopulmonary appearance. No specific evidence of pneumonia.
Stable posttreatment findings in the neck, without evidence of tumor recurrence or lymphadenopathy.
1.  Left lower lobe aspiration/aspiration pneumonia.2.  No specific evidence of recurrence or metastases in the chest or upper abdomen.3.  Peripheral hypodense lesion in the liver is likely a small infarct.
1. No dissection.2. Severe atherosclerotic disease of the aorta with multifocal aneurysmal dilatation and extensive ulcerated plaque and partially thrombosed penetrating ulcers. See details above. 3. Status post aorto-biiliac bare metal stent placement.4. Severe emphysema.5. Large left inguinal hernia containing small and large bowel without evidence of obstruction. 
1. No evidence of pulmonary embolism to the lobar level.2. Subpleural reticulation, possible honeycombing, traction bronchiectasis and mild ground glass opacity with slightly basilar predominance is suggestive of a UIP pattern or possibly fibrotic NSIP.  The question of underlying connective tissue disease is raised.3. Mildly enlarged mediastinal and right hilar lymph node, likely related to patient's interstitial lung disease. 
Status post thymoma resection, with no evidence of new or recurrent disease.
1.  Evolution of ischemia resulting in parenchymal volume loss, left greater than right cerebral hemisphere.2.  Partially calcified amorphous mass in the left cerebral hemisphere is more compact.
1.  Decreased size of reference right lower lobe nodule.2.  Stable to slight decrease in size of suspicious appearing spiculated nodule in the left upper lobe which may represent a metastasis or synchronous primary tumor.3.  Improved size of right adrenal metastasis.4.  Widespread osseous metastases, some of which are more visible compared to the previous exam.
1.	Postsurgical changes and evidence of left frontal lobe encephalomalacia unchanged.2.	No evidence of new intracranial aneurysm or other acute abnormality.  Apparent interval decrease in size of left anterior choroidal artery aneurysm, possibly due to thrombosis, with subtle residual outpouching arising from the supraclinoid left internal carotid artery.  
No significant abnormality. No specific evidence of infection.
No scintigraphic evidence for parathyroid adenoma.
1.  New cluster of left inguinal adenopathy.2.  Stable appearance of slightly prominent sized mediastinal lymph nodes.3.  Stable right upper lobe parenchymal scarring and bilateral pulmonary nodules.4.  Stable hepatic cysts.
1.No evidence of an acute pulmonary embolus.2.Interval development of numerous new pulmonary nodules, compatible with metastatic disease given patient's clinical history of metastatic melanoma.3.Large right hepatic lobe mass and smaller caudate lobe mass compatible with hepatic metastases.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
Above average stool burden without evidence of obstruction.
1.Enteric tube terminates in the region of the gastric body.
Nondisplaced comminuted fracture of the right parietal bone at the high convexity.  No intracranial hemorrhage.Findings were discussed with Dr. Iglesias at the time of the reading of the exam.
Minimally displaced fracture of the lateral calcaneus with likely extension into the calcaneocuboid joint. 
1.  Subtle right vocal cord lesion compatible with history of squamous cell carcinoma.  Minimal thickening of the anterior commissure and left vocal cord; tumor involvement cannot be completely excluded.  Please also correlate with direct clinical examination.  No evidence of extra-laryngeal extension.2.  Left level 2 lymphadenopathy.3.  No evidence of intracranial metastasis.
No acute abnormality. No evidence of underlying tumor although CT would be more sensitive if occult lung cancer is suspected.
Soft tissue swelling and possible small joint effusion with no fracture.
Negative MR venogram of the brain with contrast.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Unchanged scattered multiple pulmonary nodules and masslike changes in both left and right lungs, thought to represent metastatic disease from a right lower lung primary. Reference measurements and discussion provided.
Healing supracondylar fracture in near anatomic alignment.
New catheter with no complications.
No significant change in basilar opacities with pleural effusions.
No sonographic evidence for malignancy.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Routine Screening Mammogram.
Clustered cyst at the two o'clock position in the right breast, corresponding to the mass visualized on prior mammogram. Left unilateral diagnostic mammogram and ultrasound is recommended in 6 months to assess stability. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 3 - Probably benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
No evidence of metastatic disease.
No acute change in pleural fluid, edema, aspirate and atelectasis.
CT findings suggestive of perforated acute appendicitis.These findings are discussed with Dr. Hussain at the time of dictation.
Tibial component loosening and a fracture along the anterior tibial cortex, appearing similar to the prior study.
No acute intracranial hemorrhage. Mild-moderate age-indeterminate small vessel ischemic changes. If there remains clinical concern for an acute ischemic event, MRI of the brain is recommended.
Benign cyst in the left upper outer breast correlating with the mammographic asymmetry. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
1.  No evidence for bowel obstruction or ischemia.  2.  No evidence for diverticulitis or evidence for source of patient's symptoms.  3.  Question of luminal filling abnormality in mid small bowel that would not relate to patient's current symptoms and may be extrinsic and artifactual.  4.  Distended bladder which may be secondary to contrast administration and diuresis of examination.  5 stable appearance to unilocular left adnexal cystic lesion most likely ovarian.
Stable examination
Again noted nodule along the minor fissure which is nonspecific, but may represent a lymph node. Attention to this region on follow-up exams is recommended.
Focus of residual tissue in the left superior thyroid fossa measuring 0.9 x 0.5 x 0.8 cm; suggest continued surveillance 
No definite evidence of metastatic disease and no significant interval change.
Lingular tree-in-bud opacities compatible with bronchiolitis. No evidence of right middle lobe syndrome.
Status post removal of a left temporal lobe mass. Since the prior exam adjacent white matter signal change has regressed.
1. Severe left-sided encephalomalacia of the left MCA territory with dystrophic calcification of remaining brain tissue. Correlation with prior, outside imaging is recommended to evaluate for interval change of these findings and to rule out acute on chronic subdural bleed.2. Asymmetric thickening of the falx anteriorly and a represent normal variant, calcification, or small meningioma.
No evidence of metastatic disease.  Resolution of left lower lobe ground glass opacity.
1. Diffuse peri-orbital, facial and cervical soft tissue swelling, likely secondary to stenosed right and occluded left internal jugular veins. Pseudoaneurysm of the right internal jugular vein distal to the stenosis. 2. Unchanged cervical and thyroid masses. 3. Large amount of bilateral pleural effusions. Please refer to dedicated chest CT report for details. 4. Inflammatory disease of the mastoids and maxillary and sphenoid sinuses.      
1.Interval resolution of the right lower lobe nodule. Very minimally decreased index lesion sizes when compared to the prior exam.2.No new lesions are identified.
Dramatic response to treatment with reference measurements as above.
1.Diffuse moderate to severe Interlobular and intralobular septal thickening with background groundglass opacities and lung base bronchiectasis. Differential diagnosis includes acute CHF superimposed upon a chronic background of deposition disease such as pulmonary hemosiderosis, amyloid or drug toxicity. CT ILD protocol with expiration and prone sequences is recommended for further characterization when feasible.2.Nonspecific 8mm nodule or subpleural lymph node along the right minor fissure and mildly enlarged lymph nodes, possibly reactive, however a follow up scan in 3-4 months is recommended to exclude non-benign lesion.3. Severe coronary artery calcifications.
Development of ascites since comparison examination of October 2011.  Peritoneal disease is likely progressed but difficult to measure due to lack of IV contrast. Stable regions of pleural thickening in the left lung base.
Findings most compatible with active inflammatory bowel disease affecting the distal and terminal ileum as detailed above.
1. Moderately dilated small bowel and colon without evident transition point, compatible with ileus.2. Moderate ascites has increased.  Small pleural effusions left greater than right, increased.  Anasarca.3. New bilateral groundglass pulmonary opacities, likely infectious/inflammatory; correlate clinically to exclude atypical infection.
Hypoechoic solid nodule posterior and inferior to the left thyroid is suspicious for parathyroid adenoma. Correlate with same day nuclear medicine examination.
Nonspecific pulmonary opacities with no acute change. 
No significant pulmonary or pleural abnormality is identified.
1. Interval increase in size of reference multifocal HCC masses.2. Resolution of previously identified lower lobe ground glass opacities.  Interval development of a new peripheral ground glass opacity in the left lower lobe, most likely infectious/inflammatory.
Hepatomegaly.  Gallbladder sludge. No specific findings are present to explain right flank pain and urinary urgency.
Orthopedic fusion of the subtalar joint and soft tissue swelling.
1.  No evidence to suggest interval change of right cerebellum hematoma and edema.  No evidence of new lesion or other significant interval change.
Right basilar atelectasis without focal consolidation.
Emphysema with mild basilar scarring, but no acute abnormality. 
1.	Bilateral adrenal nodules are most likely adrenal adenomas.2.	Prominent pericaval lymph nodes.  Nonspecific calcifications in the mesentery likely represent calcified lymph nodes which may reflect prior granulomatous disease.
1. No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage or calvarial fracture. 2. Punctate skin calcifications and what may represent a small scar or contusion in the right frontal scalp, but no evidence of retained radioattenuating foreign body otherwise. 3. Right anterior temporal lobe encephalomalacia and diffuse cerebral volume loss, as well as a nonspecific partially empty sella. 4. No evidence of cervical spine fracture or subluxation.
Normal CT brain.
1.In the left upper quadrant along the greater curvature of the stomach, there is a 4.1 cm lobulated mass. This is suspicious, but not diagnostic for a GIST (gastrointestinal stromal tumor). 2.Cholelithiasis.
Increase in tumor at the level of the left fifth rib with extension into the neural foramen, this may be further evaluated by thoracic spine MRI if indicated clinically.  Otherwise, reference measurements are minimally smaller. 
1. Small radial tear of the posterior horn of the medial meniscus. 2. Chondromalacia as described above.3. Large Baker's cyst.
Positive for tracheal aspiration.Please refer to speech therapist's full report for additional details.
1.  Left nasopharyngeal and oropharyngeal mucosal space posttreatment change. There is no discrete mass to suggest residual/recurrent tumor.2. Diffuse thickening and subtle enhancement of the right tonsil. The subtle enhancing component is measuring approximately 20 x 17mm. The finding is concerning for neoplastic etiology. Differential diagnosis includes inflammatory process.  Direct inspection is recommended. 3. Stable necrotic lymph node in left level II. There is no other pathologic lymphadenopathy.4. No evidence of brain metastases. 
No acute abnormalities. 
Posterior mediastinal contour abnormality suspicious for distal esophageal mass, although a hernia could produce a similar radiographic appearance. Further evaluation recommended given the presence of symptoms in this area. Dr. Karmarkar (3648) contacted by telephone and acknowledged the finding and recommendation at 8:58 AM on 8/5/2015.
Significant disease progression, with a lobulated but not clearly loculated right pleural effusion.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
Anatomic alignment after casting.
Healing distal radius fracture in anatomic alignment.
1. No evidence of acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion.2. Nonspecific bihemispheric subcortical and periventricular white matter low-attenuation lesions. Brain MRI can be considered for further imaging evaluation if clinically indicated.
Multiple bihemispheric foci of vasogenic edema a component disease left greater than right) and suspected internal foci of isodense to slightly high density masses.  Findings are highly suspected of metastatic disease.  Recommend further follow-up with an MRI exam for confirmation of metastases and/or an infectious process.
Slight decrease in mediastinal and hilar lymphadenopathy, and decreased opacity of left lower lobe nodule.
1.	Stable metastatic disease.2.	Slight increased amount of fluid in the pelvis which appears denser than simple fluid suggesting component of hemorrhage.
A multiloculated, predominantly cystic appearing lesion is evident with the largest component centered on the right parotid and masticator spaces. Smaller lesion components are seen within the submandibular space, and it does appear that the lesion encroaches to some degree on the nasopharynx. It does not appear that the trachea is directly compressed by this lesion, but some degree of obstruction at the level of the pharynx cannot be excluded.Given the predominantly cystic appearance of this lesion, and its trans-spatial distribution, the differential diagnosis would include a lymphatic or veno-lymphatic malformation. Teratoma would also be reasonable consideration, though these typically show more discrete areas of solid tissue.
No evidence of pneumonia.
Limited exam due to lack of contrast.  1. No evidence of intracranial metastasis. 2. No mass or lymphadenopathy in the soft tissues of the neck. 
1.No sonographic findings of biliary obstruction.2.Patent tips.
Left lung atelectasis in a background of chronic lung disease.
Normal brain CT.
Basilar edema and pleural effusions consistent with CHF.LVAD placement since the prior study.
Enteric tube tip in stomach.
1. No evidence of PE.2. Multifocal pulmonary opacities suggestive of infection or aspirate though there is also likely a component of postoperative atelectasis and edema.  
Stable marked cardiomegaly with vascular congestion with no other acute findings.
Linear radiopaque metallic density likely compatible with needle in the plantar foot as described above.
1.No acute pulmonary embolus to proximal segmental level. 2.Bilateral dependent mild atelectasis.3.Bilateral axillary lymphadenopathy.
Small BBs observed and described, yet without additional radiographic abnormality
1.Now large hiatal hernia (1/3 of stomach now located intrathoracically), increased in size from prior exam.2.Spontaneous gastroesophageal reflux. 3.Distal esophageal stricture, unchanged from prior exam accounting for differences in technique.
Bronchiolitis or reactive airway disease.
1. Evolution of acute/subacute multifocal infarct involving bilateral cerebellar hemispheres, right cerebellar peduncle, left frontal lobe and right occipital lobe. 2. No CT evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or hemorrhagic transformation of the infarcts.
1.There is a fusiform aneurysmal along the distal left internal carotid artery at the distal cavernous and clinoid segments.2.The right internal carotid artery is ectatic and tortuous along the distal cavernous segment and clinoid segment.
1.	No evidence of pulmonary embolism.2.	No significant pulmonary or pleural abnormalities.
Occlusion of the distal SMA and right external iliac and femoral artery likely secondary to emboli.These findings were discussed with Dr. Desai at the time of the dictation.
Slight interval increase in the size of the retroperitoneal adenopathy.INDEX LESION MEASUREMENTS (Current exam date/time: 6/18/2016 11:30:00)RETRO GASTRIC MASS: 1.1 x 1.2 cm (Image 96, Series 3); 1.2 x 1.3 cm on prior (3/5/2016) (Image 132, Series 3).LEFT PARA AORTIC LYMPH NODE: 1.9 x 1.6 cm (Image 100, Series 3); 1.8 x 1.4 cm on prior (3/5/2016) (Image 135, Series 3).PERIPANCREATIC LYMPH NODE: 1.2 x 1.3 cm (Image 88, Series 3); 0.7 x 0.7 cm on prior (3/5/2016) (Image 121, Series 3).
No evidence of obstruction. Average stool burden distributed throughout the colon.
1. Resolving or chronic pulmonary embolus in the right upper lobe anterior segment pulmonary artery.  No new acute pulmonary embolus is evident.2. Cardiomegaly with small pleural effusions, increased since the prior exam from 6/17/2012, and basilar atelectasis.  These findings are consistent with CHF.
1.  Small bowel obstruction, with collapsed loops at the mesenteric soft tissue mass superior to the bladder, possibly representing the point of obstruction.  There is no evidence of bowel ischemia or complication otherwise.2.  Diffuse metastatic disease, with interval progression in the lungs and liver.
Mild hepatomegaly likely secondary to congestive heart failure. Left nephrolithiasis.Mildly dilated distal common bile duct.Distended bladder with residual post voiding urine.
1. Cirrhotic liver with right lobe lesion consistent with hepatocellular carcinoma as described. Left upper lobe soft tissue pulmonary nodule is nonspecific but suspicious for metastasis.  The portal vein is patent.  No specific evidence of portal hypertension.
Low lung volumes and subsegmental atelectasis. Dilated bowel.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Disruption of the anterior bundle of the ulnar collateral ligament
1.	Distended urinary bladder likely causing left hydronephrosis ; consider bladder decompression.2.	No gas in the subcutaneous tissues as clinically questioned.  Left thigh skin thickening and subcutaneous edema.3.	Please refer to the lower extremity  CT scan for the lower extremity exam.
Normal examination.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, left unilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
Joint effusion.
Enlarging right pleural effusion with associated similar appearing mediastinal shift.
Cardiomegaly, but no acute abnormality.
No evidence of pulmonary embolism.  Extensive centrilobular emphysema as described above.
Increase in size of right middle lobe mass with indolent contralateral pulmonary metastasis in the left lower lobe.
Pelvic and inguinal lymphadenopathy as described above which raises the question of a neoplastic etiology.
Femoral heads well directed into the acetabula.
Bilateral benign masses and benign calcifications. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
No evidence of PE.  No change versus 8/24/2012
1. No evidence of metastatic disease in the chest or upper abdomen.2.  Interval retraction of the gastrostomy tube balloon into the anterior abdominal musculature.  Assessment with a dedicated fluoroscopic exam is recommended for gastrostomy tube evaluation and potential exchange.
Normal exam, unchanged from the prior.
Unchanged position of Swan-Ganz catheter. Persistent airspace opacities in the right lower lobe and right middle lobe suspicious for infection.
Persistent but decreased degree of diverticulitis involving short segments of the ascending and descending colon, almost completely resolved the ascending colon.  Follow-up to resolution is suggested.
Interval improvement in right apical pneumothorax.
1.No evidence of metastatic disease in the chest.2.Hepatic metastases cannot be accurately measured and evaluated but subjectively appear unchanged.3.Complex cystic lesion of the left kidney cannot be further characterized without IV contrast but appears subjectively stable.
Small focus of intraperitoneal free air adjacent to the liver, without evidence of contrast extravasation from the small bowel. No abscess.Probable uncomplicated acute pancreatitis involving pancreatic head and uncinate process. No significant necrosis or peripancreatic fluid collection.
Mild right lower lobe bronchiectasis with associated ground glass opacities may represent early infection though aspirate or dependent edema/atelectasis could appear similarly.  No evidence of abscess formation as clinically queried.
1. Interval decrease in size of left breast index malignancy and stable - mild decrease in size of left axillary lymph nodes.2. No MR evidence of malignancy in the right breast.3. Stable biopsy-proven tubular adenoma and fibroadenoma of the left breast.BIRADS: 6 - Known cancer.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
Right hydropneumothorax and lung opacities not significantly changed.
Numerous nodules and micronodules many of which has ground glass attenuation which are nonspecific for metastases, other differential considerations include infection or aspiration.
Stable cardiomegaly without edema.
Disorganized bowel gas gaseous dilation of bowel loops. Pneumatosis intestinalis cannot be excluded. 
1.Stable posttreatment findings in the neck with no evidence of recurrent primary tumor or pathologic adenopathy.2.Lung and mediastinal disease is better assessed on dedicated chest imaging.
1.  No specific evidence of metastases.2.  Unchanged prominent thymic and lymphoid tissue chest and upper abdomen.
Osteoarthritic changes without acute fracture or malalignment.
Findings consistent with right pyelonephritis.  No abscess or significant hydronephrosis.
No evidence of pulmonary metastases.  Abdominal mass described on the 1/29/2008 CT.
1.  No evidence of brain metastases.2.  Areas of sinus mucosal thickening as described above.3.  Stable appearance of the neck with small scattered lymph nodes.
1. Multifocal hepatocellular carcinoma, similar to recent prior CT, reference measurements as above.2. Cirrhotic morphology of the liver.  Patent hepatic vasculature.  No significant ascites.3. No evident thoracic metastatic disease.  Likely scarring or sequela of prior inflammation/infection right lower lobe.4. Right adnexal cyst incompletely characterized by CT, stable in size from December 2010.  
1.	Multiple heterogeneous masses throughout the abdomen and pelvis with internal low density compatible with patient's history of metastatic GIST.2.	Mild dilatation of bilateral collecting systems, right greater than left.3.	4.	
No acute intracranial hemorrhage or mass-effect.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1. Evolving subacute infarcts in the left frontal lobe and right insula without new mass effect or hemorrhagic conversion. Additional tiny recent infarcts are better seen on prior MRI.2. Moderate chronic small vessel ischemic disease with lacunar infarcts in the left pons and thalami again seen.
1. Increased size of a solitary prevascular lymph node compared with 2010 examination with reference measurements listed above of indeterminate etiology. 2. A 2.1 x 2.3 cm well-circumscribed hypodense lesion in the left upper renal pole has increased in size from 1 x 1.1 cm on the 12/17/2010 CT exam. While this could represent an enlarging renal cyst, this lesion cannot be definitely characterized on this single contrast phase exam.3. No other significant abnormalities.
Findings compatible with demyelinating disease, particularly multiple sclerosis with areas of active demyelination.
1.	Heterotopic bone formation with synostosis of the proximal radius and ulna. 2.	Middle screw abuts of the medial radial cortex.  
No evidence of appendicitis or other acute abnormality to account for the patient's pain.
Stable right basilar opacity, suspicious for infection, and likely small right pleural effusion.
Negative enhanced head CT.
1.	Negative nonenhanced head CT.2.	No evidence of maxillofacial fracture.  There are multiple periapical lucencies of the mandibular and maxillary teeth which are concerning for periapical abscesses.
Right hydronephrosis and distal hydroureter with a partially obstructing 7-mm calculus at the ureterovesical junction. See above. 
Salter IV fracture with smooth tibial plafond.
1.	Extensive upper abdominal and retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy compatible with the history of leukemia2.	Abnormality seen on ultrasound corresponds to an enlarged peripancreatic lymph node3.	Probable hepatic dome hemangioma
No significant abnormality.
Findings are compatible with bilateral tonsillitis and peritonsillar phlegmon on the left. 
1. Stable ventricular enlargement.2. Normal CT venogram study.
No acute intracranial abnormality.  Specifically, no acute intracranial hemorrhage or mass.  If there is concern for acute ischemia, MRI would be more sensitive.
Postoperative findings related to right frontoparietal convexity meningioma resection with residual tumor in the adjacent superior sagittal sinus.
Mild degenerative arthritic changes as described above. A small ossification within the right ulnocarpal joint may represent a loose body.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.   BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Fistulae related to Crohn's disease intervening between the right psoas muscle and cecum with measurements of the right psoas abscess cavity as above.
Rounded 14-mm nodular opacity seen only on the lateral radiograph has enlarged compared to the patient's prior studies. While this most likely represents a dilated vascular structure, given interval change from prior films correlation with enhanced thoracic CT is suggested when feasible for confirmation.
Interval removal of the drain catheter and decreased in size of the left subdural fluid collection.  Unchanged left frontal epidural fluid collection.
1.	Dilated duodenum and proximal jejunum with a transition point in the left upper quadrant consistent with proximal small bowel obstruction.  This could be further evaluated with upper GI examination as clinically warranted.2.	Postsurgical changes status post gastric pull-up.
Stable subpleural nodularity and punctate micronodules almost certainly benign. No new suspicious pulmonary nodule or masses.
Mild basilar atelectasis. No specific evidence of infection.
Post-treatment findings in the neck without evidence of measurable locoregional tumor recurrence.
No acute abnormality.
No free intraperitoneal air is appreciated. NGT may be advanced. Cardiomegaly with signs of severe pulmonary hypertension; nonspecific peripheral basal opacity on the right, correlate signs of acute PE or infection.
Normal examination.
1.Partial small bowel obstruction with transition zone probably in the widemouth midline ventral hernia of the pelvis. 2.Bibasilar opacities likely atelectasis.3.Sliding hiatal hernia.4.Atherosclerotic calcifications and osseous degenerative disease.5.Other findings as above.
Small bilateral effusions and trace pelvic ascites. Otherwise no significant abnormalities.
Well-positioned left PICC line with mild CHF
1. No specific evidence of infection.2. Follow up radiograph recommended in 12 months to confirm stability of right lower lobe nodular opacity, likely a bronchocele as seen on prior CT.
Osteoarthritis.
1. No focal findings to suggest eosinophilic esophagitis, gastritis, or enteritis.2. Intermittent moderate esophageal motility abnormality as described.3. Small hiatal hernia. No associated gastroesophageal reflux.4. No obstruction, intussusception, or focal mass lesion noted in the small bowel.
Interval decreasing in upper esophageal dilatation with persistent right lung base opacity.
Gallstones. Small fecal burden. Disorganized bowel gas pattern.
Interval worsening in bilateral lung edema.
No acute fracture is evident.
1.	No evidence of bowel obstruction.  No dilated bowel loops are identified.
1.Multiple hepatic metastases which are better visualized on recent abdominal CT.2.Bilateral pleural effusions and ascites.3.Normal vascular Doppler examination of the upper abdomen.4.Borderline gallbladder wall thickening. This is a nonspecific finding and can be seen in adjacent hepatic dysfunction or edematous states.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography. 
1.  Improved but not completely resolved airspace and interstitial opacity in left lower lobe.  It may represent atelectasis and aspirate as there is plugging of multiple bronchi and debris seen in the central airways and esophagus.  Alternatively, infectious bronchiolitis may appear in this manner.  It is not typical of a mass/malignancy.  Correlate for aspiration.2.  Findings in the right lung have resolved with the exception of scarring in the right middle lobe.
ET tube NG tube and umbilical lines positioning as described.Bilateral diffuse lung haziness consistent with RDS.Disorganized, slightly distended and nonspecific abdominal gas pattern.
Swan-Ganz catheter with its tip in the right pulmonary artery. IABP marker the proximal descending aorta. Stable cardiopulmonary appearance.
No acute fracture or malalignment of the right knee or right wrist. 
1. No suspicious pulmonary nodule/masses.  Diffuse fine nodular opacities are suggestive of RB-ILD given significant smoking history.2. Indeterminate small left adrenal nodule more likely benign. 
1. Stable post treatment change in the neck soft tissue. 2. There is no pathologic lymphadenopathy.3. No evidence of brain metastases. 4. Bilateral maxillary and ethmoid sinuses infectious/inflammatory change.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No evidence of acute chest.
1.Cystic lesion in the left adrenal gland, which can be due to benign lesion or malignant tumor.2.Pleural-parenchymal opacities in the bilateral upper lungs, which are consistent with scars.3.Nonspecific FDG uptake in the cecum, which can be due to physiological activity. However inflammatory condition or tumor cannot be completely excluded.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Disorganized, nonspecific abdominal gas pattern.
1.No acute intracranial abnormality.2.No evidence of venous sinus thrombosis.
1.  Mild basilar interstitial thickening and ground glass opacity which may represent bleomycin lung toxicity in the appropriate clinical setting.  It was not present 2/18/2013 CT but is not significantly changed versus 6/11/2013.  There is no associated honeycombing or traction bronchiectasis2.  Residual infiltrative mediastinal mass not significantly changed.  This may represent residual scarring or fibrosis, though residual tumor cannot be excluded.  Please see recent PET/CT report.3.  Stable nonspecific pulmonary nodules.  XRT fibrosis in the upper lobes.4.  Sclerosis of T7 vertebral body unchanged.
Marked subcutaneous emphysema, effusions and basilar atelectasis/edema, but no significant pneumothorax.
1. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage.2. Small chronic infarct in the left cerebellar hemisphere and possible ischemic changes of indeterminate age in the pons versus artifact. However, non-contrast CT is insensitive for the detection of non-hemorrhagic acute infarct.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1.  Minimal left sphenoid sinus mucosal thickening with no evidence of acute or chronic sinusitis.2.  No evidence of acute intracranial abnormality.
1.	Interval placement of a right ureteral stent with moderate improvement of the patient's hydronephrosis and hydroureter.2.	Previously seen right-sided ureteral stone is no longer evident.3.	Right-sided nonobstructive nephrolithiasis.4.	Cholelithiasis.
Moderate to large rectal fecal burden.
1.Multi nodular goiter as detailed above with multiple large solid thyroid nodules.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains unremarkable, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendations were discussed with the patient. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
Normal brain CT, with no evidence of retro-orbital or posterior cranial fossa mass as clinically questioned.
1.15 x 21 x 14 mm (APxTRVxCC) enhancing mass centered along the left posterior superior aspect of the clivus with smooth osseous erosion. Differentials include chordoma, schwannoma, and hemangioma, and less likely metastasis or meningioma. Tumor is separate from the pituitary gland. No mass effect on the optic chiasm or optic nerves.2.Partially imaged prominent cervical lymph nodes are nonspecific.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Normal brain CT
1.Multiple fluid collections within and surrounding the pancreas, stomach antrum, and spleen with well-defined, enhancing walls suggestive of pseudocysts.2.Moderate amount of ascites with hematocrit effect seen in the pelvis suggesting prior hemorrhage. No active extravasation seen on arterial phase of imaging.3.Moderate left pleural effusion and bilateral pulmonary consolidation, possibly related to aspiration or infection.4.Small bowel ileus.5.Findings discussed with Dr. Kress and Dr. Waxman by phone at 3:50 on 6/24/2015.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality. CT is insensitive to early detection of CVA. MRI should be considered if clinical suspicion for CVA persists. 2. Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age. 3. Probable right frontal meningioma. 
CHF with no acute change and no specific evidence of pneumonia.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.  BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSA - Screening Mammogram.
Mild osteoarthritis.
No evidence of acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion on this scan.
No evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.
1. No significant interval change in the treated CLL, including diffuse cervical lymphadenopathy and minimal prominence of the Waldeyer ring structures.2. Apparent mucosal thickening in the supraglottis and prominence of the cricopharyngeus, with associated severe narrowing of the hypopharyngeal airway. A similar appearance of this region was present on the CT from 3/15/13, suggesting a physiologic process.3. Mild to moderate pansinus opacification with evidence of acute upon chronic sinusitis, although this has improved since the prior CT.Discussed with Dr. Larson at 8:40 AM  on 8/31/13.
Stable disease. 
UVC tip is at the right atrium.Diffuse lung haziness consistent with the tip of RDS.
1.	No evidence of an acute intracranial abnormality or bony fracture.2.	Multiple old cortical infarcts.3.	Cervical spine degenerative disease.  
Large heterogeneous mass in the right frontal lobe without significant change from prior from 10/19/2008
Benign-appearing lesion in the distal femoral metadiaphysis perhaps represents an unusually eccentric enchondroma.
1.No interval change in reference lesions. No new sites of disease.
Patent renal transplant vasculature without evidence for inflow or outflow compromise.
Normal brain CT without evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or suspicious masses.
Linear opacity left lower zone suggestive of subsegmental atelectasis or scar. No acute pulmonary pulmonary abnormality.
Moderate osteoarthritis without acute fracture or malalignment.
Extensive supraclavicular lymphadenopathy as described above with effacement of the left internal jugular vein.  
Normal time average mean velocities of intracranial blood vessels as described above (<180 cm/sec).
1.	There is slight asymmetry of the left tongue which may be due to prior procedure. There is no defined focus of abnormal enhancement nor is there a discrete mass. These findings are stable. 2.	There is no clinically significant lymphadenopathy.
1.Dependent and linear/bandlike opacities involving predominantly the right upper lobe and bilateral lower lobes likely representing atelectasis.2.Gallbladder is distended and demonstrates multiple gallstones. Correlate clinically and consider ultrasound for further evaluation as clinically warranted.
No findings to suggest a seizure focus are appreciated.
1.Complex, branching perianal fistulae with a left suprasphinteric fistula and at least two small bilateral perianal fistulae.2.Right ischioanal fluid collection and more discrete left ischioanal abscess. 3.Wall thickening and enhancement of the rectosigmoid colon compatible with active inflammation.
Interval increase in the size of the index lymph nodes other than upper mediastinal lymph nodes.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. As the patient has a personal history of ovarian and colon cancer as well as a family history of cancer in 3 paternal aunts, paternal grandmother and paternal great-grandmother, referral to the high risk cancer clinic is recommended.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Percutaneous gastrostomy tube as above. No bowel obstruction. No free air seen.If there is continued clinical concern regarding exact location of gastrostomy tube, reimaging may be performed following contrast instillation via G-tube.
1. Left upper lobe paramediastinal lesion not conclusively changed.2.  Small left pleural and pericardial fluid collections stable in size.3.  Stable mesenteric fat stranding.1.
Interval revision of the catheters as detailed above. Unchanged hydrocephalus. Pneumocephalus.   
Normal examination.
Bilateral pleural effusions with convex margin on the left, recommend CT to exclude pleural-based mass.
1.  Scarring or residual lymphoid tissue in the anterior and superior mediastinum.2.  No CT findings to suggest active pulmonary disease.
Left-sided pneumothorax in the presence of an indwelling chest tube.
1.	Decreasing right hilar mass.  2.	Improved right middle lobe atelectasis.
Successful reduction of anterior shoulder dislocation in anatomic alignment with resultant Hill-Sachs deformity and Bankart lesion. If patient care warrants further imaging, an MRI should be obtained.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are identified.
Increasing opacity suggestive of edema from CHF. No reliable evidence of infection.
No evidence of pulmonary embolism. PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Postsurgical abnormalities with no significant change.
1.No significant change in pulmonary edema pattern. 2.Proximal portion of the Dobbhoff tube may be coiled in the hypopharynx.
Mild subcutaneous edema without a discrete fluid collection to suggest an abscess.
Dobbhoff tube tip projects over the proximal gastric body.
Post-treatment findings in the neck without evidence measurable locoregional tumor recurrence or significant cervical lymphadenopathy.
1.Bilaterally increased renal parenchyma and is compatible medical renal disease.2.No hydronephrosis or hydroureter evident.
No free air.
Cardiac enlargement without evidence of pulmonary edema.
No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage, edema or mass effect. If there remains suspicion for a structural lesion to explain patient's headaches, consider MRI for further evaluation. 
No pulmonary embolus.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Worsening bilateral, multifocal regions of ground glass opacities and dense left lower lobe opacification with a focus of cavitation likely secondary to infection.  Additional findings as described above.
Normal examination.
1.  Area of increased attenuation in the region of the gastrohepatic ligament which may represent fluid or an enlarged lymph node without prominent enhancement.2.  1.2-cm right adrenal nodule.  This is nonspecific in appearance but is unlikely to represent a metastatic lesion.3.  No additional findings suggestive of metastatic disease.
New right apical pneumothorax, the service already aware.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality.2. Expected findings status post VP shunt placement.
Normal appearing right knee without findings to account for the patient's pain.
1.	No evidence for local recurrence or neck lymphadenopathy on the basis of CT size criteria for lymphadenopathy2.	findings suggest unilateral vocal cord paralysis please correlate with clinical symptoms.
Mild small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age. No hemorrhage. 
1.	Moderate grade small bowel obstruction with transition point located in the midabdomen adjacent to post surgical changes/suture material.2.	Nonspecific partially visualized 6-mm nodule in the right lower lung lobe; consider follow-up chest CT for better evaluation.
Unchanged residual dextroscoliosis with no evidence of hardware complications.
1. Trace reflux into the distal esophagus with rapid clearance.2. Mild corrugated appearance of the esophagus may be related to the patient's history of Barrett's esophagitis.
1.Postsurgical changes related to left nephrectomy without evidence of recurrence or metastatic disease. Stable gastrohepatic lymph node.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
The transverse fracture of the metaphysis of the proximal phalanx of the right little finger is again seen. There is a possible joint effusion at the wrist.
Interval development of bilateral, symmetric groundglass opacities in the lung bases.  These may represent pneumonia or ARDS.  Further evaluation with dedicated chest CT is recommended.Interval development of ascites and mild nonspecific wall thickening of the proximal jejunal small bowel loops.  Etiology is unknown.Right nephrolithiasis is unchanged.
No evidence of retained radiopaque foreign object. Discussed by myself Dr. Ward with Dr. Tenney at ext 69414 01/05/15 12:20 p.m..
1. Four hepatic lesions, as described above, which demonstrate characteristics compatible with hepatocellular carcinoma.2. Hepatic cirrhosis, with moderate amount of ascites and varices. The portal and hepatic veins are patent.3. Retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy, as described above.4. No evidence of metastatic disease in the chest.
Support devices unchanged. Left-sided pneumothorax and left basilar atelectasis similar to the prior exam.
Swan-Ganz unchanged
1.  Presumed pericardial cyst stable.2.  Stable thyroid nodule.3.  Small umbilical hernia now contains loop of small bowel.  No evidence of obstruction.
No discrete pancreatic mass.  Pancreatic head and peripancreatic findings which are nonspecific.  Differential considerations include acute on chronic pancreatitis, carcinoid tumor, desmoid tumor, and lymphoma.
Questionable kinking of pulmonary artery catheter
Basilar consolidation with atelectasis and pleural effusions, unchanged from previous. 
Several new pulmonary nodules, the largest within the right lower lobe measures 10 mm. These are suspicious for metastases.Interval right paratracheal lymphadenopathy measuring 21 mm with central necrosis. Interval increased size of bilateral hilar lymph nodes.Additional pulmonary micronodules are stable in size. No new pulmonary mass or pleural effusion.
1. No evidence of metastatic disease.2. Aneurysmal dilation of the central pulmonary arteries, worse in the left descending pulmonary, with a normal-appearing main pulmonary artery. These findings are of uncertain clinical significance, although unchanged when compared to prior.
Bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis, slightly worse as compared with prior study
Essentially unremarkable CT of soft tissues of neck and without enhancement.  Minimally larger left parotid gland however the normal density and morphology.  Very small sub-centimeter lymph node in the left parotid is noted.
New obstructive 7x4 mm proximal right ureteral urolithiasis with hydronephrosis and perinephric fat stranding.  Other findings, similar to prior.
New 12 cm well loculated collection with air-fluid level behind the heart presumably from a markedly distended intrathoracic stomach. There questionable obstruction with a concern for potential aspiration. If clinically indicated this could be further evaluated by CT scan.Communication:Findings and concern were discussed with Mrs. Brooke Wilkey, A.P.N, via phone at 2:55 PM 4/26/2016
Heart size upper normal, or pericardial effusion is present, otherwise unremarkable.
Continued bilateral atelectasis.
No findings to explain patient's symptoms.
Mildly increased colonic distention compared to prior study.
As reported on prior sonography, no specific evidence of pyelonephritis, however assessment is not ideal; evaluation for pyelonephritis would be better achieved with contrast-enhanced CT (as was suggested on earlier 10/25/16 CT study) or MRI.
1.No acute intracranial hemorrhage or skull fracture.2.The basion-dental interval appears somewhat prominent, just beyond the upper limits of normal (8.5 mm) at 9 mm. However, there is no surrounding soft tissue hematoma or fat infiltration. This is felt to be at the upper limits of normal, however correlation with clinical examination is strongly advised, and MRI of the cervical spine can be obtained if there is any clinical suspicion. Other craniovertebral measurements are within normal limits.3.Findings were discussed with Dr. Saint-Hilaire from the ED by Dr. Pranay Uppuluri at 9:30 a.m. today over the telephone.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Stable pleural effusions and basilar opacities. 
Comminuted distal phalangeal tuft fracture of the third toe.
1.	Multiple intraparenchymal foci of hemorrhage compatible with contusions and a hemorrhagic diffuse axonal injuries.2.	Small amount of subarachnoid blood adjacent to the right frontal lobe probably representing contrecoup injury is not as readily identified on the current versus the prior exam..3.	Small amount of intraventricular blood.4.	Multiple subgaleal hematomas.5.	Bilateral nasal bone fractures.6.	Overall, there is no interval change.
Proximal tibial lesion as described above most compatible with a cartilaginous neoplasm, most likely a benign enchondroma; while I cannot exclude the possibility of a low-grade chondrosarcoma the basis of this single imaging study, I see no aggressive features to suggest malignancy. Follow-up with radiography and consultation with orthopedic oncology may be considered.
1.	No acute inflammatory process in the abdomen or pelvis.2.	Mediastinal lymphadenopathy without significant pulmonary parenchymal abnormality apart from the basilar nodules compatible the patient's history of sarcoid.
1.  Large left frontotemporal scalp hematoma extending over left eyelid and left upper neck.  No associated skull fracture or acute intracranial hemorrhage.2.  No CT evidence of acute territorial ischemia though there are patchy white matter hypodensities consistent with age indeterminate small vessel ischemic disease.  MRI is offered as a test with higher sensitivity if there is a high index of suspicion of acute ischemia.3.  Mild ventriculomegaly, slightly out of proportion to prominent sulci.  This is probably still within normal limits for age (i.e. volume loss), but it should be noted that abnormal CSF dynamics are difficult to entirely exclude without comparison to prior study.4.  No facial bone fracture.  No retrobulbar hematoma.  5. No acute malalignment or fracture of the cervical spine.  The study does not assess for ligamentous stability.6. Severe paranasal sinus disease for which clinical correlation is requested.Findings discussed with Dr. Jones 2:30 PM 3/24/2012
No evidence of disease progression in the neck.
1.Nonobstructed bowel gas pattern.2.No evidence of free air.
Postoperative changes of a reverse right total shoulder arthroplasty.
No change in pulmonary opacities and small pleural effusions. No reliable evidence of infection.
Low probability of pulmonary embolism.
Malpositioned left PICC with patchy atelectasis in the right lung.
There are degenerative changes present in the lumbar spine without significant compromise to spinal canal or exiting nerve roots.
1.No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage, mass effect or edema.2.Cerebellar atrophy.
No evidence of osteomyelitis.
1.  Interval placement of aortic stent graft as detailed above in the body of the report.  Proximal aspect of the graft extends approximately 2.5-cm distal to the origin of the left subclavian artery.2.  Moderate pericardial fluid collection consistent with hemopericardium, extending to the aortic root.  Given the recent postoperative state, this is most likely postoperative.  Serial monitoring of cardiothoracic ratio was discussed with Dr. Russo to assess for expanding fluid collection/hematoma.3.  Small pleural effusions with dependent atelectasis and collapse of the left lower lobe which may be secondary to mucous plugging and/or aspiration.4. Findings discussed with Dr. Russo at the time of preliminary interpretation.
1. Thin-walled apical cavitary lesions, left greater than right, continue to improve in appearance compared to prior studies and are consistent with a postinfectious etiology.2. Interval resolution of basilar tree-in-bud and nodular opacities.3. No specific findings to suggest metastatic disease.4. Enlarged main pulmonary artery suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension.
1.Chronic territorial ischemia affecting the right parietal lobe and bilateral cerebellum.2.Age indeterminate microvascular ischemic disease.3.Although no definite acute intracranial abnormality is suspected, if clinical concern is high, further evaluation with MRI would be appropriate.
Cirrhotic morphology of liver with portosystemic collateralization. No suspicious focal hepatic lesion.
ET tube tip approximately 5 cm above the carina.
1.	Lower lung predominant peripheral ground glass opacities, traction bronchiectasis and architectural distortion suggestive of fibrosing NSIP. 2.	Enlargement of the main pulmonary artery suggestive of pulmonary hypertension.3.	 Mediastinal lymphadenopathy.
ETT tip 5.5 cm above the carina. Worsening lobar and segmental atelectasis.
1.	No renal calculi or evidence of urinary obstruction or pyelonephritis on either side.2.	Cholelithiasis without evidence of cholecystitis, as well as hyperdense gallbladder contents that could represent excreted contrast from a prior study or milk of calcium within the gallbladder; correlation with history of recent contrast-enhanced imaging study is recommended. 3.	Additional findings as above. 
Normal examination.
No evidence of pneumonia.
Nonspecific abnormally dilated bowel in the upper mid abdomen, most likely transverse colon. 
No significant pneumothorax. No change in pulmonary opacities.
Valvular prostheses. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
New moderate sized right pneumothorax.
High position of ET tube.
No discrete myelomatous lesions.
No significant abnormality.
Progression of hepatic metastases.  
1. Bilateral sacral alar fractures as described.2.  Mild degenerative disk and facet joint disease in the lower lumbar spine.
Residual tumor within the bilateral cavernous sinuses with encasement of the cavernous carotid arteries and tumor along the floor of the sella. Globular enhancing material just inferior to the sella within the sphenoid sinuses may represent tumor extension or a nasoseptal flap.
1.  Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age.  
No change in large left effusion and atelectasis with no evidence of pneumothorax.
1.	Predominantly basilar interstitial abnormality compatible with fibrotic NSIP, possibly related to collagen vascular disease.2.	7-mm right upper lobe micronodule.  In the context of a smoking history, CT follow-up in 3 to 6 months is recommended.  Otherwise, follow-up in 6 to 12 months is sufficient.3.	Mediastinal lymphadenopathy of uncertain etiology and significance.
1.  Interval decrease in size of the pancreatic pseudocyst status post placement of a drain.2.  Interval progression of multiple pulmonary nodules, likely infectious in origin.
1. Post-operative changes from right pleurectomy with decortication with small right pleural effusion as described above.  Measurements for future reference of right pleural thickening are provided above.2. Increase in size of extra-pulmonary disease compatible with metastatic mesothelioma as described above.3. Hyperlucency of the left upper lobe appears to be related to some narrowing of the left upper lobe bronchus.
Degenerative changes described above without acute fracture or malalignment.
Negative for acute process.  Specifically, normal appearing appendix without acute inflammation.  No evidence for bowel inflammation or obstruction.
Marked underinflation with new basilar opacities suggestive of atelectasis or aspirated secretions.
Stable sacrospinal canal soft tissue mass.
1. New patchy centrilobular nodular opacities within the right upper and lower lobes is suggestive of aspiration and/or infection.2. No significant interval change in a non-specific left paratracheal lymph which may be reactive or due to tumor involvement.
1. Significant interval development of patchy bilateral interstitial airspace opacities which can represent worsening pulmonary edema and/or ARDS.2. Support devices in good position
1.	Stable exam
1.  Stable heterogenous, calcified left thyroid mass.  2.  Interval decrease in size of some cervical lymph nodes without evidence of new adenopathy.3.  No evidence of residual enhancing right thyroid tissue.
PICC tip in the superior vena cava without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Irregularity along the inferior aspect of the glenoid may be reflect Bankart fracture status post previous shoulder dislocation/reduction. The glenohumeral joint is now aligned. ED notified via stat consult, patient to follow-up with orthopedic surgery.
No evidence of pneumonia.
Multinodular thyroid without significant interval change since the prior study.
Continued bilateral perihilar opacities.
1.	No evidence of acute intracranial abnormality.2.	Mega-cisterna magna, Dandy-Walker continuum.
1. Abdominal situs inversus.2. Hepatomegaly, mild ascites, and biliary sludge.3. Unchanged cystic area in the spleen.4. Medical renal disease. 5. Pleural effusions.
1.  Minimally more prominent subcarinal lymph node in chest of uncertain significance.  In light of the fact that All other lymph nodes remain stable or decreased in size this most likely does not indicate recurrent disease.  Follow up would be recommended..
Interval worsening in abdominal gas pattern as described.Misplaced NG tube.
Bilateral nodules as described above are amenable to biopsy.
1. No evidence of pulmonary embolus.2.  Nonspecific diffuse concentric esophageal wall thickening suspicious for esophagitis versus neoplasm.  Further evaluation with endoscopy is recommended.3. Diffuse scattered centrilobular nodules and groundglass opacities .  Differential considerations include atypical infections including fungal pneumonia and TB as well as hypersensitivity pneumonitis, RB/RB-ILD. Metastatic disease cannot be ruled out if the patient has a known neoplasm and a follow up scan would be advised in that context. Atypical fungal or viral pneumonia is favored.4. Moderate mediastinal lymphadenopathy.
Interval extension of the right anterior cerebral artery infarct now involving a larger portion of the inferior frontal lobe and anterior right frontal lobe.Interval lack of contrast opacification of the right callosal marginal artery.  Considering the increased mean transit time in the right ACA territory yet relatively preserved cerebral blood volume (except for the areas of ischemia on CT),there may be compromised slow flow in this vessel as opposed to complete occlusion.  Conventional angiogram can be done for further evaluation.Persistent lack of contrast opacification of the right pericallosal artery, unchanged from the angiogram done April 5,2013.Redemonstration of a left MCA bifurcation and left superior cerebellar artery aneurysm.
1.	Enlarged right hilar lymph node which is nonspecific.  Follow up is recommended to confirm stability.  2.	No evidence of pulmonary metastatic disease.  3.	Redemonstration of large left renal mass for which differential considerations include Wilms tumor, clear cell sarcoma, or less likely rhabdoid tumor.  
1.	Right upper lobe consolidation and/or atelectasis with questionable endobronchial debris which may represent mucous plugging.2.	No evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusion.3.	Upper abdominal ascites, incompletely evaluated.   
1. Necrotizing right lower lobe pneumonia with a nearly 4 cm intrapulmonary abscess. Most likely etiologies are Staphylococcus or Klebsiella.2. Approximately 2 x 3 cm subcutaneous cystic lesion with rim enhancement in the high right axillary region which could be an additional abscess collection but is nonspecific by CT.3. Mild generalized lymphadenopathy.
1.	Extensive hepatic, peritoneal, mesenteric and possible small bowel involvement of tumor.
1.	There is a spondylolysis with grade I spondylolisthesis present at L5-S1 associated with a central disk protrusion resulting in encroachment of the pitting nerve roots within the neural foramina bilaterally
Stable subarachnoid hemorrhage and right parenchymal hematoma. No new hemorrhage. Stable ventricular size. 
Negative examination of the thoracic spine 
Appropriate position of left jugular catheter without pneumothorax.
Nonspecific disorganized bowel gas pattern. Moderate fecal burden.
Probable cardiomegaly. Mild left basal atelectasis.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Limited air augmented single contrast barium enema without evidence contrast extravasation or fistulous tract. 
Soft tissue ulceration and bony sequelae of sickle cell disease without specific radiographic findings of osteomyelitis.
No evidence of metastatic disease.
Severe osteoarthritis of the right knee.
IJ Swan-Ganz catheter has been advanced with tip in a lobar pulmonary artery.
Bilateral hip osteoarthritis, left greater than right
No evidence of pulmonary metastases.
1.Metabolic improvement of the FDG avid lymphadenopathy in the retroperitoneal cavity and right side of the pelvis.2.New soft tissue density with mildly increased FDG uptake in the left anterior pelvic wall/inguinal region is most likely due to post procedural change. Suggest clinical correlation.
1. Interval progression of UIP.2.  No evidence of acute pulmonary embolism with interval resolution of pulmonary emboli.3.  Stable mediastinal and hilar adenopathy.
No radiographic findings to account for patients pain.
ET tube tip is at the level of the thoracic inlet. Diffuse bilateral lung haziness with bibasilar opacities.
Opacification of the bilateral ostiomeatal complexes and sphenoethmoidal recesses with mild sinus opacification as detailed.Rounded lesion in right fourth ventricle for which MR characterization is suggested.
1.Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.2.Partially visualized pleural effusions and left lung base opacity
No acute intracranial hemorrhage or mass effect.
Stable exam except for atypical enhancement on the left lateral aspect of the prostate gland which is of uncertain etiology or significance.
New small pericardial effusion.Left hepatic hypoattenuating lesion likely a cyst that has increased in size from 2/2013 CT study but continued follow up recommended.Again seen in the deep aspect of the upper left breast is small dystrophic calcification, should be correlated with patient's procedural history/mammographically.
Interval extubation. Stable mediastinal widening. Retrocardiac opacity on the left nonspecific and could reflect aspirated secretions, pleural fluid and atelectasis however infection cannot be entirely excluded given worsening over the last two days.
Interval increase in left retrocardiac consolidation/atelectasis.
Unremarkable study. 
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, right unilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
1.Degenerative changes at C3-C4 results in moderate central spinal stenosis and with severe right and moderate left neural foraminal compromise.2.Degenerative changes at C4-C5 resulting in severe central spinal stenosis an moderate right neural foraminal compromise.3.Normal signal intensity of the cervical and upper most visualized thoracic cord.4.Mild degenerative changes at other levels however without central spinal stenosis as detailed per level above.
Small residual right apical lateral pneumothorax after recent removal of the right basilar chest tube. Attention on short-term follow-up recommended.Malpositioned enteric tube terminating above the diaphragm. Recommend advancement.Notification: Findings and recommendations communicated to Dr. Guo by Dr. Bueno at 12:45 PM on 9/29/2016
1.Mildly dilated left renal pelvis and ureter but with rapid washout bilaterally and no evidence of current obstruction in either kidney.2.Mild to moderate asymmetry with decreased left renal parenchymal function.
No acute cardiopulmonary process. 
No evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.
Postsurgical changes consistent with the patient's known history of prior patellar curettage for osteomyelitis with some interval healing. Other findings as described above.
Normal right axillary lymph nodes. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually, due next in May 2016. BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
1. Unremarkable CTA neck, specifically unremarkable CTA of the vertebral arteries. 2. Enlargement of the right neural foramen at C6/C7 is compatible with findings on the recent MRI. Laminectomy at the lower cervical spine. 
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
Healing distal fibular fracture without evidence of hardware failure.
Necrotic right tonsillar mass which exerts significant mass-effect on the pharyngeal airway.  The differential diagnosis includes abscess versus necrotic tumor.  Discussed with the emergency room (Lauren) at 1115 hrs on 10/2/08.
1.Enteric tube terminates in the region of the gastric body
1.Stable size of low density left convexity subdural collection either representing chronic subdural hematoma or hygroma, with stable mild localized mass effect and midline shift to the right.2.Scattered chronic small vessel ischemic changes, with minimal age-indeterminate ones as well.
1. No acute intracranial hemorrhage. If clinical concern for acute ischemic infarct remains, consider MRI.2. Chronic left MCA territory stroke with encephalomalacia.
Normal gallbladder and biliary tract.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1.No acute intracranial abnormality.2.Sequelae of prior lacunar ischemia and age indeterminate microvascular ischemia.
No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage, mass, or acute infarct. 
No acute intracranial abnormality.  For evaluation of ischemia, MRI has increased sensitivity.
1. Severe osteoarthritis of the left hip. Components of a right total knee arthroplasty are situated in near anatomic alignment without CT evidence of hardware complication.2. Round, septated fluid collection within the left hemipelvis is again demonstrated and smaller in size in prior examination, though incompletely evaluated on this examination. Further evaluation with dedicated ultrasound may be obtained if clinically warranted.
1.  No evidence of active sinusitis.2.  Small osteoma in the anterior ethmoid air cells.
Normal examination.
No significant abnormality. No specific evidence of infection or edema.
Diffuse bilateral signal abnormality/inflammatory change within the musculature of the left and right thigh which is nonspecific but consistent with the patient's history of polymyositis. Nonspecific bilateral subcutaneous edema.
Mild cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema, which can be due to mild congestive heart failure. Suggest follow-up.
Two dominant supraclavicular lymph nodes. The one on the right, measuring 12 mm, was previously demonstrated to have increased metabolic uptake on outside PET/CT. The second one on the left is new, measuring 10 mm.No mediastinal lymphadenopathy.No evidence of pulmonary metastasis.
1.	Bilateral nephroureteral stents, with persistent hydronephrosis.2.	Large soft tissue density occupying most of the pelvis, consistent with the patient's history of endometrial cancer, significantly increased since the previous exam.3.	Bilateral inguinal lymphadenopathy and multiple mildly enlarged retroperitoneal lymph nodes.
1- Increased superior mediastinal lymph adenopathy.2- Unchanged ulcerated plaque / focal dissection of the aorta as described above.
1.Markedly hypermetabolic right upper lobe mass. Given appearance on today's PET/CT, it is suspicious for primary lung cancer. However, its fairly rapid appearance from the December 2016 chest CT would be somewhat unusual and an inflammatory etiology such as organizing pneumonia is also consideration.2.No suspicious FDG avid lesion is identified elsewhere.
1. Diffuse opacification of the nasal cavity bilaterally may represent rhinitis. 2. Scattered mild paranasal sinus mucosal inflammation. 
No acute intracranial abnormality. 
Disorganized, , likely age related and nonspecific abdominal gas pattern.
1. No significant interval change in white matter lesions. Findings are consistent with known demyelinating disease, with overall no significant T1 and mild-moderate T2 burden of disease. No evidence of associated enhancement. With history of migraine disease, the possibility of superimposed migrainous white matter lesions is not excluded.2. Stable incidental left choroidal fissure cyst.
IABP catheter marker is approximately 2 cm below the aortic arch. No interval change. 
Disorganized bowel gas pattern without evidence of obstruction.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
No change and no evidence of metastases or primary tumor.
No significant abnormality.
1. Spleen size within normal limits and no accessory splenules identified.2. No acute findings within the abdomen.
No evidence of metastatic disease.
1.Left retrocardiac consolidation concerning for pneumonia in the proper clinical setting.2.Suggestion of focal right cardiophrenic angle opacity may represent a pericardial cyst among other etiologies.
1.	The patient is status post surgery for removal of a left cerebellar medullary angle cistern and cerebellar pontine angle cistern lesion.  The possibility of residual tumor cannot be excluded.  An MRI would be more sensitive in evaluating for this. There are attendant post surgical changes including extensive intracranial air less than yesterdays exam.2.	Denervation atrophy of left masticator space musculature.
1.	Complex right pleural collection in which the chest tube is placed.2.	Open sternal wound without associated chest wall or mediastinal fluid collection.3.	No evidence of acute process in the abdomen or pelvis; specifically there is no evidence of bowel obstruction.
Increased right effusion and therefore passed his other change.
Increasing hazy lung opacities.
1.  Stable reference measurements.  2.  Improved groundglass and nodular opacity in the left upper lobe, possibly evolving radiation reaction or resolving infection/aspirate.
Reduction in the amount of subarachnoid hemorrhage.  Exam is otherwise is stable.
Right total wrist arthroplasty with components in near-anatomic alignment.
No evidence of pulmonary embolism to the lobar level or specific findings to explain patient's symptoms.
Swan-Ganz catheter removed. Stable cardiac enlargement without specific evidence of edema.
1.No acute intracranial abnormality.2.No maxillofacial bone or soft tissue injury.
Extensive bilateral diffuse air space opacities suggestive for ARDS; however, increased consolidative appearance of the right lung is suggestive for overlying infection.No pericardial effusion or mediastinal hematoma.  No acute intra-abdominal or pelvic abnormality.
1.Increase in the abdominopelvic lymphadenopathy and new right lower lobe lung lesions.
Possible mild anterior acromial spurring, but no frank osteoarthritic changes.
1. Left hepatic lobe mass consistent with hepatocellular carcinoma is unchanged.2. Additional small foci of arterial enhancement without accelerated washout are nonspecific; continued attention on follow-up recommended.3. Hepatic cirrhosis with findings of portal venous hypertension.
No acute intracranial abnormalities.
No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage.
Advanced degenerative disk disease, most severe at the lower cervical spine levels.  Please note, I cannot evaluate for disk herniation on this noncontrast CT examination.  However, in correlation with today's examination, no definite disk herniation is identified on the prior MRI examination dated 1/24/2008 and the previously seen findings are believed to be represent calcific hypertrophic changes of degenerative disease.
Limited study however there is a probable nondisplaced fracture of the distal aspect of the proximal fifth phalanx.
Endotracheal tube in acceptable position. Pulmonary edema and atelectasis unchanged.
No signs of pneumonia or pulmonary edema.
Cardiac enlargement with decreased lung volumes and mild basilar atelectasis.
"1. No perfusion defects/ ""ischemia"" present during hyperemia.2. No prior myocardial infarction. The entire myocardium is viable.3. The left ventricle is normal in size with normal systolic function. The overall LV ejection fraction is 56%. There is an area of late gadolinium enhancement noted in the basal inferolateral wall in a pattern that is atypical for infarction and may suggest the presence of a localized fibrotic, inflammatory, or infiltrative process. 4. The right ventricle is normal in size with normal systolic function. The overall RV ejection fraction is 52%.5. Moderate tricuspid regurgitation.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report."
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Nonspecific moderate right pleural fluid collection and atelectasis.
Bilateral basal ganglia lacunar infarcts of indeterminate age.
Mild to moderate cardiomegaly, without acute edema or pneumonia.
No change in mild basilar opacity likely due to atelectasis and small effusions. No new opacity to suggest pneumonia.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
1.Hypermetabolic mass in the right upper lobe extending to the right lung hilum, hypermetabolic lymph nodes in the mediastinal right paratracheal region, highly suspicious for tumor.2.A faint focus increased activity in the right superior mediastinal region, which may represent an additional nodal metastasis.3.Several foci of increased metabolic activity in the L5 vertebral body, right femoral neck and right iliac bone, suspicious for metastasis.4.A nonspecific FDG uptake in the periphery of the liver.
No urolithiasis, hydronephrosis, or hydroureter.  No findings to account for patient's symptoms identified.
Swan-Ganz catheter tip in the right main pulmonary artery. 
Hypoechoic lesion with multiple complicated cysts at 2:00 position in the left breast. Although the lesion appears to be fibrocystic change, ultrasound-guided biopsy is recommended to confirm its benignity.Results and recommendations were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 4 - Suspicious Abnormality.RECOMMENDATION: H - Percutaneous Biopsy/Aspiration.
1. NG tube coils with its tip in the distribution of the gastric fundus.2. Findings suggestive of small bowel obstruction without acute interval change. 
Normal sonographic appearance of the kidneys bilaterally. No evidence of hydronephrosis or renal calculi.
No significant change from previous study.
1.Status post recent left craniotomy for aneurysm clip placement with associated evolving postoperative changes.2.There is a small (4mm) hematoma along the left middle frontal gyrus which is stable.
Mild hallux valgus deformity. 
Mild scarring, but no sign of acute infection or infarction.
1.  No evidence of new abnormality or progression of disease.2.  Stable adenopathy in the neck.
Persistent mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.  BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1.  Stable disease of the chest and abdomen.  2.  Subtle groundglass opacity in the right lower lung is less prominent on this exam and is unlikely to represent metastatic disease. This is likely inflammatory in etiology.
1. Previously visualized small hepatic hypoattenuating lesions not seen.2. Left pelvic sidewall fluid containing structure, most likely a lymphocele related to nodal dissection. Status post hysterectomy with small loculated fluid seen near postoperative site.3. Small ovoid soft tissue foci just anterior to left psoas muscle nonspecific and may reflect focal mesenteric stranding, attention on follow-up recommended.4. Small mediastinal, retroperitoneal and pelvic lymph nodes, nonspecific. 
Left IJ Swan-Ganz with its tip in the pulmonary artery. Stable cardiopulmonary appearance.
Inflammatory changes with presumed abscess in the right adnexal region.  Findings were relayed via telephone to Dr. Floyd at 11:12 a.m. on December 13, 2013.
No measurable disease, with previously referenced left upper lobe nodule more likely representing granuloma than malignancy given its stability since 6/2/2006.
No evidence of acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion on the scan.
Elbow joint effusion with subtle lucency suggesting a nondisplaced radial head fracture. Findings discussed with the clinical service. 
No evidence of acute appendicitis or additional findings to account for the patient's presenting symptoms.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Stable appearance of neck soft tissues.  Persistent right level 4 soft tissue abnormality with mineralization.  Enter mediastinal and right paratracheal lymph nodes.  Please see chest CT results.
No acute change in mediastinal appearance. Mild basal atelectasis and small pleural effusions.
Total knee arthroplasty in near-anatomic alignment.
Orthopedic fixation of the right femur and other findings as above. 
Slowly growing lesion in the left lung, possible primary lung cancer or metastasis.  Primary service (pager 5402) notified.
Fracture through the olecranon with intra-articular extension and additional findings as above. No rib fracture.
Small amount of perihepatic ascites.
2mm calculus at the right UVJ with associated right hydronephrosis and parenchymal edema.
1.  Persistent patchy consolidation and tree in bud opacities, most pronounced in the dependent regions of the lungs bilaterally, most consistent with aspiration.  Differential considerations include multifocal atypical infection including fungal and mycobacterial etiologies.  Given the SCT history, the differential diagnosis includes bronchiolitis obliterans syndrome or graft versus host disease.2.  Mediastinal, hilar, and axillary lymphadenopathy is nonspecific but likely reactive.
Improvement in size and wall thickness of pulmonary metastases with the reference measurements as above.  Index hepatic lesion measures minimally larger however new small lesions are identified within the right hepatic lobe.
Degenerative arthritic changes of the lumbar spine, bilateral hips, and ankle without acute fracture or malalignment. Status post right total knee arthroplasty without evidence of hardware complication. 
1. Enteric tube not visualized.2. Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern. 
Severe osteoarthritis of the PIP joint.
No evidence of renal stones or hydronephrosis.Nonspecific
The exam was positive for penetration and negative for aspiration. Please refer to dedicated speech pathology report for additional findings and feeding recommendations.
Interval repositioning of left-sided chest tube. Remaining support devices are unchanged. Interval improvement in the pulmonary edema and left retrocardiac atelectasis.
Healing fracture distal diaphysis of the left humerus in near anatomic alignment.
1.There is no evidence for intracranial mass lesion or other intracranial lesion to account for the patient's headaches.2.There are some mild mucosal thickening in some of the paranasal sinuses. This is most likely inflammatory in nature
No discrete myelomatous lesions. Mild degenerative changes as above. 
ET tube in acceptable position.
Stable cardiomegaly and or a pericardial effusion. No specific evidence of edema.
1. No evidence of acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion. No abnormal enhancement.2. Right frontal lobe pre central gyrus DVA.3. Normal brain MRA and MRV. 
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern, additional findings as above.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography.
Nonspecific findings may reflect mild enteritis versus mild pancreatitis without complication.Otherwise no specific findings to account for the patient's left flank pain. 1 mm hyperdensity at the left ureteropelvic junction is likely artifactual.
Healing fractures, unchanged in alignment.
Radiograph is insensitive for evaluation of small renal stone. No radiographic findings to account for patient's symptoms.
No significant change from prior with no evidence of acute traumatic changes.
Extensive bilateral abnormalities with slightly increased opacity at left base which may be due to aspirated secretions. No specific evidence of ARDS.
1.	Expected postoperative changes of a left frontal approach for left frontal lobe lesion biopsy.2.	No acute intracranial process.3.	Revisualization of left inferior frontal tumor and periventricular white matter low densities as detailed on prior MRI exam.
Appropriate position of right jugular catheter, no pneumothorax. Possible pulmonary hypertension.
Minimal subcortical white matter changes suggestive of age indeterminate small vessel disease.
Stable appearance of the chest with pulmonary arterial enlargement and extensive calcified pleural plaques bilaterally. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
Extensive chest, abdomen and pelvic adenopathy consistent with lymphoma.  Hepatic lesion is also suspicious for lymphoma metastases.Left-sided hydronephrosis.Possibility of nonocclusive thrombus in the left common femoral vein cannot be excluded.  Further evaluation with lower extremity Doppler ultrasound is recommended.These findings were discussed with the primary team on 9/50/08 at 10 a.m.
1. New left upper lobe nodule may represent metastatic lesion versus primary pulmonary neoplasm. Given history of known metastatic disease, it is more likely a metastatic lesion. 2. Other findings stable. 
Stable CT with no evidence of metastatic disease.
1.Mild increase in hepatic parenchymal echogenicity with coarsened echotexture consistent with fatty liver/hepatic parenchymal dysfunction. No hepatic mass or ductal dilatation identified.2.No evidence of cholelithiasis or acute cholecystitis.
Moderate swelling and mild deformity of the distal phalangeal base. Further evaluation with MRI may be obtained as clinically indicated.
Appendicitis without evidence of perforation or abscess.
1.Interval progression of small vessel ischemic disease, with no findings to suggest acute intracranial abnormality.2.No specific orbital abnormalities are identified to account for the patient's symptoms.
Supraspinatus tendinopathy with large subchondral cysts in the humeral head but no frank tear.
Interval increased size of liver metastasis and reference portacaval lymph node.
Persistent lingular opacities suspicious for infection. The left costophrenic angle from small pleural effusion with possible scarring.
1.	Necrotizing pancreatitis with interval decrease in peripancreatic fluid collection.2.	Free air is noted in the left abdominal wall, significance of which is unknown.3.	Two cystogastrostomy tubes in place as detailed above.4.	Previously visualized left inguinal hernia is no longer present.5.	Left greater than right pleural effusion, increased on comparison to previous study.6.	Gallbladder wall thickening without distention.
No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage, edema, or mass effect. No CT findings to suggest evolving infarct. Please refer to recent MRI brain report for additional findings.
ET tube tip at the thoracic inlet. No focal airspace opacity.
Worsening multifocal opacities suspicious for pneumonia. Moderate pleural effusions.
No pneumothorax following chest tube removal.
Right hip acute fracture
1.  Cirrhosis with stable ascites, splenomegaly and prominent collateral vessels.2.  Stable prominent bilateral renal lithiasis without hydronephrosis or obstruction.3.  Unchanged left basilar subpleural lung nodule.
Findings consistent with fistulous connections to the rectosigmoid colon and the small bowel more superiorly from right-sided hemipelvic abscess cavity where a JP drain is present, please refer to details above.
Small anterior ankle osteophytes without radiographic evidence to suggest an acute fracture. 
Complex cystic mass right adnexa.
1.	Stable bilateral MCA distribution strokes with no new stroke or hemorrhage conversion.2.	Small vessel ischemic disease and left thalamic lacunar infarct of indeterminate age.
Healing fracture of the diaphysis of the distal radius
Stable exam without evidence of new sites of disease.  Stable radiolucent lesions within L1 and L2 vertebrae over several years, as well as a previous negative nuclear bone scan suggest these may be benign in origin or healed metastases.  MRI of the lumbar spine would be of value.
Normal examination.
1.	Stable SMV thrombosis.2.	The patient is status post Whipple procedure without evidence of local recurrence or metastatic disease.
1. No evidence of tumor recurrence or metastasis about the shoulder.2. Full-thickness supraspinatus tear at its insertion without significant retraction.
1.  Large loculated mesenteric fluid collection extending into the pelvis with fluid fluid levels indicating components of hemorrhage.  Secondary infection cannot be excluded.  2.  Bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right with associated compressive atelectasis.
Persistent large volume stool in the rectum and rectosigmoid.
Right total hip arthroplasty in anatomic alignment.
No free air. 
Stable examination.
No pulmonary emboli.  Expiratory exam with minimal atelectasis.
Continued subsegmental atelectasis.
Healing distal radial Salter I fracture.
1. Mild left preseptal and facial soft tissue swelling. No evidence of orbital fracture. 2. A punctate hyperdensity in the left mediosuperior and anterior extraconal space probable represents a radiopaque foreign body. Although The adjacent bone appears intact, a tiny bone fragment cannot be ruled out completely. 2. A focus of hypoattenuation in the left caudate head likely represents a lacunar infarct. 
Cardiomegaly, minimal basilar interstitial opacities, small pleural effusions and few septal lines may represent mild pulmonary edema.
Left-sided PICC terminates in the left axilla.
ET tube in acceptable position. 
Interval bony resorption at site of fracture of fifth metacarpal base.
Stable size of left para-aortic lymph node.  No evidence of new metastatic disease.
1. Small bilateral hydroceles without evidence of testicular torsion or testicular focal mass lesion.2. Subcentimeter cystic lesion in the right epididymis. Differential considerations include an epididymal cyst versus spermatocele.
L4 anterolisthesis as described above.
Mild osteoarthritis and other findings as above. I see no acute fracture or dislocation.
Successful ultrasound-guided core biopsy of the right breast lesion with clip placement. Pathology is pending at this time.BIRADS: 4 - Suspicious Abnormality.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
Normal examination.
1. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or mass.2. Mild age-indeterminate ischemic disease. If there remains clinical concern for an acute ischemic event, MRI of the brain is recommended.
1. Post-treatment findings in the oropharynx without evidence of measurable residual tumor.2. No significant cervical lymphadenopathy.
1) No PE.2) No evidence of interstitial lung disease. 3) Patulous esophagus with air-fluid level and minimally prominent gastroesophageal/gastrohepatic lymph nodes. 
Descending thoracic aortic aneurysm status post repair,  with extension to just below the origin of the renal arteries, not significantly changed.Stable ectasia of the infrarenal abdominal aorta.
Post-treatment findings in the oral cavity without convincing evidence of locally recurrent tumor or significant cervical lymphadenopathy. 
Stable examination without evidence of metastatic disease.
Near full-thickness to full-thickness tear of the anterior fibers of the distal supraspinatus tendon and other findings as described above.
Previously noted new left apex micronodule has resolved. Otherwise stable CT with no evidence of metastatic disease. 
Small bowel obstruction, with findings suspicious for a closed loop obstruction within the hernia sac and associated bowel ischemia.Findings were discussed with Dr. Gulati by Dr. Al-Saraf at 12:05 PM on 6/12/2016.
Stable bilateral masses. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1. No evidence of pulmonary embolism.2. Right heart enlargement and enlargement of the main pulmonary artery suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension.3. Bibasilar groundglass opacities, unchanged from the prior exam, suggestive of chronic pulmonary edema.  
Multifocal air space nodules and masses, new since 5/2/2009.  Findings are most compatible with atypical fungal pneumonia.  Other findings as above.
Active short segment inflammation at the level of the ileocolonic anastomosis.Distended stomach and proximal duodenum. Upper endoscopy is recommended for further evaluation of the duodenum for possible Crohn's involvement.
Postsurgical changes as described above.
CHF with increasing pleural effusion and atelectasis.
Interval improvement in the right perihilar focal opacity with minimal residual scarring.
Status post right upper lobectomy and thyroidectomy without evidence of metastatic disease or significant interval change.
1.No acute intracranial abnormality on noncontrast head CT.2.Pituitary mass appears stable but was better evaluated on the recent MRI.
1. Limited assessment for PE due to motion artifact and sub-optimal contrast opacification of the central pulmonary vasculature.  No evidence of pulmonary embolus to the proximal lobar level.  PE in the distal lobar, segmental and subsegmental arteries cannot be ruled out.2.  Extensive geographic appearing airspace opacities throughout the lungs unchanged compared to recent chest radiographs.  Differential diagnosis includes infection (including but not limited to Mycoplasma pneumonia), pulmonary hemorrhage, acute interstitial pneumonia or in the appropriate clinical setting, drug reaction.  3. Mild lymphadenopathy.4.  Indeterminate T11 vertebral body sclerotic lesion which could be a metastasis.5.  Ascites.
Heterogeneously enhancing endometrial mass is compatible with the provided history of endometrial carcinoma without distal metastatic disease, definite lymphadenopathy or local direct tumor extension.
No measurable metastatic disease. Post-op changes. 
Successful ultrasound-guided core biopsy of the right breast lesion and clip placement. Pathology is pending at this time.BIRADS: 6 - Known cancer.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
1.  Diffusely enlarged parotid glands bilaterally without definitive discrete lesion.  This may represent sialosis.  If there remains clinical concern, an MRI study can be obtained for better soft tissue contrast resolution.2.  Mild degenerative disease of cervical spine.
1.While we are unable to compare SUV values compared to the prior exam, multifocal hypermetabolic osseous and soft tissue foci are subjectively stable compared to the prior exam. These again may represent infection/inflammation or possibly neoplastic involvement.2.Multiple hyperdense foci within the right pleura including a posterior plaque with corresponding uptake may reflect prior inflammation/infection or pleurodesis.
1.Intact tendon of the short head of the biceps. The tendon of the long head of the biceps is obscured by streak artifact. The biceps muscle appears normal.2.Glenoid prosthesis as detailed above. 
Upper thoracic levocurvature, otherwise normal examination.
Quantified ventilation and perfusion images as above.
1. Stable size of pulmonary reference lesions, however there has been interval growth of some of the lesions in the left lung base since the prior study. 2. Additionally, many of the other pulmonary lesions have grown slowly since 2012. 
No significant interval change in the size and signal characteristics of the cerebellar and hemispheric lesions compared with the prior exam. No new lesions identified.
1.	Stable mediastinal adenopathy.2.	Severe emphysema without evidence of tumor recurrence.3.	High-grade stenoses of the right renal artery and left common iliac artery.  Unchanged penetrating atherosclerotic ulcer of the distal abdominal aorta.
1.Mild tendinosis and possible surface fraying of the supraspinatus tendon as well as mild intrasubstance tearing of the subscapularis tendon. However, no full-thickness tear is evident.2.Other findings, as above.
Lentiform fluid collection within the right chest wall has increased in thickness and internal density. This may represent interval hemorrhage within a postoperative seroma. Recurrence of disease seems less likely. However, close imaging follow-up in 2-3 months is suggested or as per clinical protocol.No substantial change in metastatic disease compared to previous study.Evolution of pulmonary infarction/hemorrhage into a nodular scarlike focus.Though this study was not optimized for pulmonary arterial evaluation, no obvious pulmonary arterial filling defects.
Severe osteoarthritis, slightly progressed compared to prior.
Negative CT examination of paranasal sinuses.
1- Decrease in size of left renal lesion compatible with history of RF ablated RCC.2- No evidence of diverticulitis.
1) New left subhilar nodule, compatible with metastasis.  Progression of osseous metastases.2) Increasing irregular soft tissue fullness in left axilla.  3) Solitary lung nodule, metastasis vs. hamartoma, unchanged.   
Status post right colectomy with new left abdominal wall ileostomy.  No evidence for bowel obstruction or abscess.
1.There is no evidence of a pulmonary embolus.2.Increasing right greater than left bilateral pleural effusions.3.Interval increasing mediastinal lymphadenopathy, when compared to prior CT chest dated 05/27/2016.4.No significant interval change in numerous sclerotic osseous lesions compatible with metastatic disease.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
Nonspecific changes again concerning for asthma versus bronchitis
No pneumomediastinum as clinically questioned.
1.  Bilateral pyelonephritis without abscess formation. Findings were discussed with x 5251 at the time of this dictation.2.  Decreased size of two hepatic hemangiomata. 3.  Mild nonspecific mural thickening of terminal ileum without evidence of bowel obstruction.
Mild basilar subsegmental atelectasis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities identified.
1. Interval placement of new right breast prosthesis.2. New pulmonary micronodules in the right lower and left upper lobes.
Fracture of the proximal phalanx of the fifth toe.
ET tube repositioned.
Large anterior mediastinal mass, concerning for thymic tumor, as noted on recent chest CT.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Severe degenerative changes about the PIP joint of the right ring finger with associated soft tissue swelling in the surrounding area. These findings are consistent with the stated history of a gouty arthropathy. The sequela of prior trauma or infection could also be considered in the correct clinical context.
1.  Progression of disease with significant interval increase in size of right infrahilar and retroperitoneal mass lesions.  2.  Grossly stable numerous pulmonary nodules.  3.  Unchanged indeterminate exophytic left renal lesion is incompletely evaluated without contrast enhancement.  4.  Stable asymmetric thickening of the gastroesophageal junction with associated high density which may represent sutures or calcifications.  Finding is nonspecific and correlation with surgical history may be helpful.
Successful left L2 nerve root blockContrast usage:0.2ml was used during the procedure, remained discarded.Fluoroscopy time: 3.5 minRadiation exposure at reference points:AP: 111.22 mGyLat: 89.73 mGyI, Dr. SK Lee, the attending radiologist, was present for the entire procedure and performed the procedure.
No acute fracture or dislocation.
1.  Stable postoperative changes without evidence of new parenchymal hemorrhage.2.  Interval improvement of bilateral layering subarachnoid and intraventricular hemorrhage.3.  Stable appearance of the mildly enlarged bilateral ventricles.
Post traumatic deformity and arthritis of the elbow as described above. We see no acute fracture.
Moderate upper lobe predominant centrilobular emphysema.  No suspicious nodules or masses .  No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
Scarring without superimposed acute disease
Normal appearance to the liver without focal mass lesion.
Interval enlargement of numerous pulmonary nodules consistent with metastatic disease.
Limited study due to lack of IV contrast.  Diffuse atherosclerotic changes, specifically involving the bilateral renal artery origins.
Stable examination. 
1.  Slight increase in size of bilateral pulmonary nodules, compatible with metastases.2.  Sight increase in size of mediastinal lymphadenopathy.
Postsurgical findings from bilateral lung transplant with atelectasis and scarring in the right lung base.
1.Dorsal dislocation of the distal phalanx of the thumb. No acute fracture.2.No acute radiographic abnormalities of the knee.
Mild interval increase in reference lymphadenopathy as described above. Interval increase in left hepatic lobe metastatic lesion. No new sites of disease.
Progression of bone metastases including multiple new lesions.
Normal gallbladder and supine position.Right pleural effusion.
No fracture or foreign body evident.
1. No evidence of acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion.2. No evidence of abnormal enhancement.
1.New hepatic lesions suspicious for metastatic disease.2.Multiple pulmonary nodules, suspicious for metastatic disease.
1.  Interval increase in size of pulmonary metastases.2.  Cavitary mass in the right upper lobe not significantly changed.3.  Increase in size of the non-index necrotic right paratracheal soft tissue nodule. 4.  Chronic thrombus in the superior vena cava. 
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. Physical examination is of increased importance for a patient with dense breasts. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
Supracondylar fracture of the humerus in near anatomic alignment after reduction and K wire placement.
Minimal suspected atelectasis without distinct definite new additional cardiopulmonary abnormality. Early edema cannot be excluded
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Comminuted fracture of the medial aspect of the right inferior orbital wall, as described, with herniated medial rectus muscle and retro-orbital fat and displaced fracture fragments into the maxillary sinus.
No change in the previously seen left thalamic hemorrhage.  Again seen are multiple high density lesions which have not significantly changed since prior exam.  When compared to the MRI performed on 7/07/2008, these likely correspond to numerous cavernomas.
Age indeterminant hypoattenuated white matter may be secondary to microvascular disease. Focal low-attenuation may be secondary to prior stroke. Recommend correlation with MRI, as clinically indicated, for further evaluation if there is high clinical suspicion for acute stroke.In the cervical spine, extensive degenerative changes, as described above, with no acute fracture.
1.  Right lower lobe subsegmental pulmonary emboli.  These are very small and are of uncertain clinical significance.2.  Bronchial wall thickening, particularly in the lower lobes, compatible with bronchiolitis which may be due to asthma or infection.  There are also centrilobular nodules in the upper lobes.   If the patient is a heavy smoker respiratory bronchiolitis is an additional consideration.Discussed with Dr. Southerland at 9:15 a.m. on 12/21/09.
CHF. Nonspecific increased density in the retrocardiac area, which can be due to consolidation. Suggest follow-up.
No acute abnormalities.
1.	Intraparenchymal hematomas without substantial change since the previous exam of 11/29/09 as described above.2.	Redemonstration no change in intraventricular blood3.	Status post EVD
1. Interval development of right upper lobe, left lower lobe and lingular opacities on a background of diffuse lung haziness.2. UVC tip in the right atrium.
Healing proximal femoral diaphyseal fracture.
1.No acute pulmonary embolus.2.Mild emphysema.3.Lymphadenopathy in the chest and visualized upper abdomen, suspicious for metastases or lymphoma.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
Findings suggestive of gas density within the posterior soft tissues of the neck. This was relayed to Dr. Schufreider at the time of dictation. As the patient's recent surgery did not involve the neck, computed tomography is recommended for further evaluation, as I cannot exclude the possibility of a soft tissue infection.
Small vessel disease of indeterminate age.
Stable moderate pulmonary edema pattern. Swan-Ganz catheter tip over the right main pulmonary artery.
No significant pneumothorax.
Interstitial fibrosis with a basilar predominant UIP pattern which may represent IPF or may be secondary to other etiologies including mixed connective tissue disease.
Incidentally noted heterogenous liver parenchyma consistent with fatty infiltration/parenchymal dysfunction. Otherwise, unremarkable renal sonography.
No evidence of intraperitoneal free air. 
Heterogeneous thyroid gland with numerous sub-5 mm hypoechoic nodules with no discrete dominant nodule. Adjacent to the inferior left thyroid lobe there is an 8-mm focus which may represent an exophytic nodular extension of the thyroid gland or a parathyroid adenoma; correlate with serum calcium and PTH.
1. Lucency in ulnar styloid may represent a small erosion, but this is equivocal.2. Degenerative changes more pronounced in the right wrist then in the left wrist, appearing similar to the prior study. 3. Additional degenerative changes involving the feet are unchanged from prior exam.
1.  No evidence of acute pulmonary embolism or focal pulmonary abnormality.2.  Dysmorphic right kidney with multiple dense nodules and possible hydronephrosis.  Although the majority of these findings are likely chronic, correlation with dedicated kidney protocol renal CT is recommended.
The tip of the NG tube is in the fundus of the stomach.
Bronchiolitis or reactive airway disease. No hip subluxation.
1.	Stable right basal ganglia hemorrhage associated with intraventricular blood products..
1.Markedly hypermetabolic left prevascular lymph node mass, compatible with recurrent tumor. Tumor activity appears to extend from this lesion superolaterally to the anterior left apical pleural surface.2.Subtle hypermetabolic pleural thickening at the left posterior lung base is of some suspicion for pleural seeding of tumor but may also be inflammatory.3.No suspicious FDG avid lesion in the contralateral right lung, abdomen, or pelvis.
Stable right middle lobe nodule No evidence of metastatic disease.
1.	Significantly decreased size of right perihilar mass.2.	Decreased mediastinal adenopathy.
No evidence of measurable tumor recurrence or significant lymphadenopathy in the neck.
No unexpected foreign body. These findings were discussed by telephone with Dr. Mark Slidell on 03/06/15, at 1340.
Interval progression of disease.  Enlarging right chest mass.  New pulmonary metastases.  New adrenal metastases.
1.	Multiple enhancing masses within the second portion of the duodenum.  These are consistent with the patient's known history of carcinoid.  These appear similar in size compared to 1/29/10 given the difference in technique.2.	New, pulmonary nodule within the left lower lobe.  Dedicated CT thorax is recommended to further evaluate.3.	Bilateral inguinal hernias containing non-incarcerated, non-obstructed bowel loops.  These findings are unchanged.4.	Stable hypoattenuating lesion within the pancreatic neck which is unchanged from 2003.  This is consistent with benign etiology such as side-branch type IPMN.
Small right pleural effusion and possible edema, suggestive of mild CHF/hypervolemia.
1.No detectable acute or new finding since prior exam.2.Subtle interval decreased size of dysmorphic supratentorial ventricular system with stable ventricular catheter.
1. Near complete atelectasis of left lung likely due to mucous plugging/secretions of the left mainstem bronchus.  No evidence of pneumothorax or hemothorax.2. Dilated main pulmonary artery suggest pulmonary artery hypertension.3. Collapsed vertebral bodies: please see recent MRI
Emphysema without evidence of pneumonia or edema.
Postoperative changes of talonavicular and subtalar fusion and osteoarthritis of the foot and ankle as described above.
Sentinel nodes identified in the left axilla.
1. Subacute ischemic infarct without hemorrhagic transformation, right thalamus.2. Normal brain MRA 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality or significant interval change.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.No significant interval change in left upper lobe mass compatible with patient's history of squamous cell carcinoma with pericardial invasion. Adjacent loculated pleural fluid has slightly increased. 2.Unchanged left focal pleural thickening and small pleural effusion suspicious for metastases.3.Stable to slightly increased mediastinal lymphadenopathy4.No new sites of disease. 
Focal opacity in right lung and left lower lobe. Edema, infection, and others are possibilities.
1.No evidence of tibial stress fracture or significant osseous abnormality of the right lower extremity.2.Focal increased osseous activity of the left posterior calcaneus, in the region of the known calcaneal spur. Correlate clinically as to the need for repeat radiographs of the left foot such as if there is concern for more acute pathology in this left posterior calcaneal region.
No evidence of disease recurrence.
Interval placement of a Pleurx catheter. Unchanged right pleural effusion and pulmonary edema.
Normal brain CT.
1.	No PE.2.	Otherwise unchanged examination.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities.
The epiphysis of the distal radius is displaced dorsally in relation to the metaphysis and this is a new finding.
1.	No extrinsic mass to compress the colon.  CT is not a good modality to evaluate for colonic lesions.2.	No suspicious hepatic lesions.
1.There is a small focus of soft tissue thickening along the posterior aspect of the medial right external auditory canal. Right mastoid air cells appear sclerotic and small suggesting a prior inflammatory state. 2.There has been previous left temporal bone surgery with soft tissue noted along the posterior aspect of the postoperative bowl, without associated lytic destruction. Residual left mastoid air cells appear sclerotic and small suggesting prior inflammatory state.3.Minimal mucosal thickening within the maxillary sinuses.4.The nasal septum is deviated leftward.
Bilateral lung opacities improved from prior study.
1.	Status post extensive RPLND without recurrent retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy.2.	Multiple small mesenteric nodes which are not in the usual distribution for metastatic disease from a germ cell tumor and can be followed on subsequent exams
1. Interval increase in size and wall thickness of the right pelvic fluid collection with adjacent inflammatory changes, likely representing a superinfected postoperative fluid collection. Follow-up imaging is recommended to ensure resolution and exclude recurrence.2. New mild to moderate right-sided hydroureteronephrosis.3. Large complex midline ventral hernia containing loops of bowel without evidence of obstruction or incarceration.
1.5 cm right apical pulmonary nodule. Recommend thoracic CT to rule out lung cancer.Discussed findings with ED physician Dr. Cheema at 10:08 AM.
Negative for acute, inflammatory, or neoplastic process.
Possible soft tissue swelling as described above. Otherwise normal appearing knee.
No signs of pneumonia.
1.Findings suspicious for right ovarian torsion. Correlate with pelvic sonography.
1.Findings most consistent with a primary lung malignancy involving the middle lobe with mediastinal lymphadenopathy. Further evaluation with a PET/CT is suggested.2.Pulmonary emboli.3.No aortic dissection.
Nonspecific degenerative changes which are neither confirmatory nor exclusive of rheumatoid arthritis. 
1.	No evidence of acute intracranial findings.2.	Minimal ectopia of cerebellar tonsils similar to prior study.
No fracture or other specific findings to account for the patient's pain.
Diffuse small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminant age.  If there is a concern about acute ischemic event MRI could be considered for further evaluation.
No suspicious activity is identified to indicate bone metastases. Note is made of a very large residual bladder volume despite several attempts at voiding.
VP shunt tip overlying the right sacrum.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
No specific evidence of infection.
Enteric tube tip in the gastric body.
Patchy atelectasis in the right lower lobe.
No cerebellar ectopia to suggest Chiari malformation.
No pneumoperitoneum.
1.No findings of cholelithiasis or cholecystitis.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
No masses identified in the adrenal gland or the retroperitoneum to suggest pheochromocytoma.
1. Medical renal disease.2. Poorly defined left lower pole exophytic lesion; further evaluation with MRI or short term follow up is recommended.
Stable appearance of the chest with no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process.
Right intertrochanteric fracture
No suspicious masses or pathologic enhancement within the orbits or lacrimal glands.  Please note that CT is not sensitive for subtle soft tissue lesions and orbital MRI may be considered for further evaluation.
Orthopedic fixation of comminuted calcaneal fracture without evidence of hardware complication.
ICD placed
1  Sinus inflammatory changes involve the maxillary sinus sphenoid sinus and ethmoid air cells most prominent in sphenoid sinus.  There is associated partial of the sphenoethmoidal recesses bilaterally with minimal narrowing of the left OMU complex.  Imaging findings suggest chronic inflammatory changes however there is questionable air fluid level involving the right maxillary sinus which may represent a superimposed acute sinus inflammatory process.2.  Minimal right-sided nasal septal deviation.
ETT repositioning
1.  Diffusely abnormal thyroid which may represent thyroid carcinoma superimposed on a background of goitre.  There is residual aggressive lesion in left postcricoid region possibly causing cartilage erosion.  Neoplastic tissue in the rest of thyroid is not excluded.  2.  Scattered nonspecific lymph nodes in the neck and superior mediastinum, not considered pathological based on radiological criteria. 
1.	Mild thickening and sclerotic changes of the inferior endplate of L4 on the left without any evidence of deformity of the vertebral body.  Finding could be secondary to degenerative disk disease however possibility of a healing process of a prior minimal endplate fracture/contusion cannot be entirely ruled out.2.	Degenerative disk disease at L4 -- L5 and mild hypertrophic changes of posterior elements results in mild bilateral neural foramina compromise.  Previously noted herniated disk on MRI exam is again identified on this study on axial images 64 and sagittal reformatted images.3.	Unremarkable exam otherwise.
Butterfly fracture of the distal diaphysis of the ulna with minimal medial angulation of the distal fracture fragment. Slightly increased density of the lunate in comparison to the other carpal bones raises possibility of avascular necrosis.
Mild basilar atelectasis unchanged. No specific evidence of infection.
1.  Multiple enlarged, enhancing left submandibular and cervical lymph nodes with associated soft tissue swelling and mass effect on the structures of the posterior pharynx.2.  Possible thrombus in right internal jugular vein.  Recommend evaluation with Doppler ultrasound.3.  Left maxillary and frontal sinusitis.4.  Axillary lymphadenopathy.  Correlate with CT chest.
1.  No radiographic evidence of interstitial lung disease.2.  Pulmonary micronodules as described above.  If the patient has history of risk factors for lung cancer such as smoking, CT follow-up in one year is recommended.3.  Moderate pericardial effusion.  4.  Focal areas of esophageal dilatation and narrowing, with possible distal esophageal wall thickening may represent esophagitis.  Dedicated esophagram may be considered if clinically indicated.5.  Dilated segment of colon in the right upper quadrant with fine mural nodularity of unclear etiology or significance.  Please refer to the dedicated upper GI report from 2/21/2008 for further detail.
The right midbrain mass appears stable compared to prior exam. It is known to represent a low grade astrocytoma. No ventriculomegaly is appreciated on the current exam.
1. Percutaneous gastrostomy tube with expected small foci of post procedural intraperitoneal free air. 2. Infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysm measuring up to 3.4 cm.
Multiple foci of hypoattenuation consistent with vasogenic edema secondary to multiple intracranial metastases as described in the recent MRI.  Regional mass effect is unchanged when compared to the recent MR. No evidence of acute hemorrhage.
Normal forearm. Elbow joint effusion.
Nonspecific clustered ground glass nodules are identified at the left lung base most likely secondary to bronchiolitis with either aspiration or infectious etiologies .
Right total knee arthroplasty in near anatomic alignment, without evidence of hardware complications. Unchanged severe left knee osteoarthritis.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
No focal lung opacities.
Left total knee arthroplasty without hardware complication.
Moderate degenerative disc disease and other findings as above.
1. Post-treatment findings in the left tongue base region, without evidence of tumor progression, accounting for differences in technique.2. No evidence of gross measurable tumor in the hypopharynx. 3. No evidence of significant lymphadenopathy in the neck.4. A disc-osteophyte complex at C3-4 compresses the spinal cord. 
1.No evidence for cerebral aneurysm.2.No evidence for cervicocerebral occlusive disease3.A small lesion in the left thalamus most likely represents a lacunar infarct of indeterminant age.4.The thyroid gland is heterogeneous and mildly enlarged. This is nonspecific on CT. Please correlate with patient's clinical symptoms.5.There are mild degenerative changes in the cervical spine.
1.	No evidence of interstitial lung disease.  There some mild bronchial wall thickening and some air trapping in the anterior segment of the right lower lobe which suggest reactive airway disease or bronchitis.2.	Hepatic hypodensity, not adequately evaluated on this examination.  Dedicated liver imaging such as ultrasound is recommended for further evaluation.
No evidence of metastatic disease.  Interval progressive healing of a sternal fracture.
Surgical changes of prior ACL graft reconstruction. Otherwise normal-appearing knee.
Hyperdense material within the right nasal cavity and nares with opacification of adjacent paranasal sinuses is consistent with hemorrhage of unclear source.  No discrete soft tissue mass or traumatic findings are seen to explain it.  If a strong suspicion for an underlying mass persists, MRI would provide a more sensitive evaluation.Mild right cheek swelling, possibly cellulitis, but no organized fluid collection in the facial soft tissues.
No interval change including probable liver cysts, 3 micronodules in the right lung.  Postsurgical changes in the pelvis and bone islands.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Borderline cardiomegaly with questionable left pulmonary artery minimal enlargement. Cardiac echo can be considered for further characterization
ET tube with its tip approximately 5 to 6 cm above the carina. Pleural effusions and basilar opacities mildly improved from the prior exam.
1.  Limited examination for the evaluation of pulmonary embolus.  No large pulmonary embolus is identified in the main and lobar pulmonary arteries.2.  No specific findings to suggest etiology of patient's symptoms.
Mild right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. No pneumothorax following bronchoscopy.
Slight interval increase in the size of the precarinal adenopathy, index right apical nodule and bilateral axillary adenopathy.  Right hilar mass is grossly stable.
1. No urolithiasis2. Heterogeneous appearance of the renal transplant suggests transplant dysfunction; consider dedicated renal transplant ultrasound for further assessment.3. Stable right lower lobe consolidation which could be due to chronic organizing pneumonia (COP).  Small right pleural effusion.
Small vessel disease of undetermined age.
Normal examination.
1.  Stable disease allowing for slight variations in configuration and section level in evaluating retroperitoneal lymph nodes.2.  New right lower lobe opacity compatible with aspiration.
No evidence of free fluid within the abdomen. Limited examination of the GI tract for blood due to retained contrast within the lumen.1.	Unchanged right loculated pneumothorax.2.	Post-surgical changes in the right lung base as described above. 
1.  Sphenoidal sinus disease.2.  Poor enhancement of the left side of the cavernous sinus. Cannot exclude cavernous sinus thrombosis. MRI is recommended for further evaluation as clinically indicated. Dr. Patel 3348 was notified of the findings.
1.Hypermetabolic base of tongue soft tissue mass compatible with history of supraglottic cancer.2.No additional hypermetabolic foci to suggest metastases.3.Nonspecific right middle lobe pulmonary nodule. 
Reference left external iliac lymph node has decreased in size but other nodes have increased in size and there is new splenomegaly.
1. Stable postsurgical findings, without evidence of residual or recurrent disease.2. Lytic lesion in the right mandibular ramus has slowly increased in since since 3/11/11 and could represent radiation induced osteonecrosis, though tumor erosion cannot be entirely excluded. Follow-up is recommended.3. No significant lymphadenopathy.
No acute intracranial abnormality.  Thickening of the anterior calvarium is noted with differential of hyperostosis frontalis interna versus Paget's disease
Mild degenerative findings as discussed above without significant interval change. No new findings are seen to account for the patient's symptoms.
1.  No focal defects or intimal flaps in the thoracic or abdominal aorta to indicate aortic dissection.2. Anomalous origin of the right coronary artery at the 3 o'clock position (left lateral), may be of not clinical consideration or repercussions, provided no narrowing or stenosis of the coronary artery. However secondary to motion artifact in the study the possibility of compromise of the right coronary artery circulation cannot be ruled out.  Further evaluation with transesophageal echocardiogram or gated CTA coronary arteries is recommended.  MRI coronary arteries is a less desirable method.
Healing reconstruction of the proximal tibia.
About 3mm caudal descent of cerebellar tonsil otherwise unremarkable brain MRI.
Normal
Degenerative changes as above without fracture or malalignment.
1. Interstitial lung disease consistent with UIP/IPF.2.  Emphysema.3.  Unchanged pulmonary nodule right lower lobe; however, further evaluation is recommended in 6 months to verify stability.4.  Mild mediastinal and probable left subhilar lymphadenopathy.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Expected postoperative changes of bifrontal craniotomy.
No significant change from previous study.
1.  Large retention cyst or polyp right maxillary sinus with minimal to mild inflammatory changes involving left maxillary sinus, sphenoid sinus and ethmoid air cells.  There is associated partial obstruction of the OMU complex bilaterally.2.  Mild to moderate right-sided nasal septal deviation.
Right IJ venous catheter placement without complication. Mild nonspecific interstitial opacities which may represent edema.
Corrected tetralogy. Small lung volumes with nonspecific basilar atelectasis. Tubes and devices unchanged.
There is a new 14 mm AP x 19 mm transverse x 14 mm craniocaudal hemorrhage centered within the right thalamus. 
Cardiomegaly with mild edema. Right jugular catheter pulled up.
COPD with upper lobe fibrotic changes. Right paramediastinal opacity of uncertain significance. Recommend CT of the chest for further evaluation if prior radiographs cannot be obtained. No specific evidence of acute infection.
Minimal hydronephrosis and small volume free fluid about the transplant kidney, but normal parenchymal echogenicity of the right iliac fossa transplant kidney.
Findings compatible with cellulitis in the subcutaneous tissues of the right anterior hemiabdomen without organized fluid collection seen. Note is made of a skin defect of uncertain etiology at the site of greatest subcutaneous inflammation.  
1.  No definite metastatic disease identified.2.  Stable pulmonary micronodules; lack of interval change in size and number favors benign lesions.  Conservative CT follow-up may be obtained in 4-6 months or as indicated clinically.3.  Nonspecific, mildly prominent right hilar lymph node which can be monitored on subsequent exams.  Stability in size favors a benign etiology.
No specific signs of recurrent or metastatic disease by plain film.
Left-sided PICC is looped on itself within the left subclavian vein. No focal lung consolidation or evidence of overt left-sided heart failure. 
Stable metastatic disease in the chest and abdomen.
1. Destructive calvarial mass measuring 4.5 x 5.9 x 3.1 cm involving the left greater than right posterior parietal calvarium. There is mass effect on the underlying brain parenchyma which includes the medial aspect of the left pre and post central gyri. No associated intraparenchymal edema. Mass is reportedly benign per medical records and signal features are compatible with a benign osseous lesion such as fibrous dysplasia; recommend correlation with CT however to make this determination.2. No abnormal enhancement within the brain is seen to suggest intracranial metastatic disease.
Status post interval placement of right-sided ventricular catheter with no evidence of hemorrhage.  No change in the ventriculomegaly.
1.Chronic stage infarct in the right occipital lobe, which was seen on the previous exam MRI of 6/16/09 at a more acute stage.2. Old lacunar infarct in the left thalamus.3. Periventricular hypodensities unchnaged since the prior exam are non-specific. Differential considerations include neurodegenerative process such as a nonspecific leukoencephalopathy, or a vascular related process. They are nonspecific.4. No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage, mass, or edema. CT is insensitive to the early detection of ischemic stroke.
Dobbhoff tube tip just above the GE junction.
CT of the paranasal sinuses is within normal limits.
No evidence of acute chest syndrome.
Soft tissue swelling but no fracture evident.
1.  No interval change with stable epidural fluid collections and pansinusitis.
No acute cardiopulmonary process is identified. No specific evidence of pulmonary TB.
Osteoarthritis and joint effusion. If there is a clinical concern for septic arthritis, joint aspiration may be attempted.
Limited study due to lack of intravenous contrast. Large celiac aneurysm.Possible very distal small bowel obstruction.Atrophic kidneys.These findings are discussed with and acknowledged by Dr. Adjeipwum at the time of dictation.
1.Successful fluoroscopically guided lumbar puncture with removal of approximately 12 cc of clear CSF.2.Opening pressure was mildly elevated at 23 cm of water, closing pressure was 15 cm of water.
New catheter with no complications. 
1.  New right pulmonary arterial emboli.  2.  Significant interval increase in size and number of bilobar hepatic metastatic lesions as well as increase in size of bilateral adrenal metastatic mass lesions.  Other metastatic disease relatively stable.
Complete fracture of the proximal femoral diaphysis. No additional fractures are present.
Heterogenous solid focus of the right posterior auricular measuring 1.8 x 1.5 x 1.7 cm with abnormal round morphology.
1.	Mild mucosal thickening is present in the right maxillary sinus and minimal mucosal thickening in the left maxillary sinus.  2.	Minimal mucosal thickening is present in the anterior right sphenoid sinus which narrows the ostium of the right sphenoethmoid recess.  3.	The nasal septum is mildly deviated rightward.
1.  5-mm nodule in the left lung apex.  This is indeterminate.  However, given the patient's history of metastatic cancer it is suspicious for metastasis.2.  Additional pulmonary micronodules.  These are indeterminate.3.  Retrocrural lymphadenopathy with interval enlargement.  Posterior mediastinal lymphadenopathy.  Suspicious right neck base lymph node.4.  Left periaortic mass with encasement of adjacent retroperitoneal structures and left hydronephrosis as noted on the prior CT dated 9/17/2010.5.  Compression deformity of L1.  
No findings to account for the patient's left elbow pain.
ETT repositioned
1.	No evidence of acute intracranial findings.2.	Mild small vessel ischemic strokes of indeterminate age.  MRI exam is significantly more sensitive for detection and extend of this abnormality.3.	mildly dilated supratentorial ventricular system as detailed.
Severe cardiomegaly with a very tortuous ascending aorta and arch, possibly ectatic. This could be further characterized by contrast enhanced CT. No specific evidence of infection or edema.
Normal examination.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. Mammography is optimally performed when prior studies are available to detect changes. If the patient's prior mammograms are submitted, then comparisons will be made for future exams.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram. I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.	Small segment of the jejunal bowel wall thickening.2.	Distal TI was not visualized due to lack of oral contrast despite a two hour delay after administration of contrast.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.  BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Status post removal of tracheostomy tube with findings consistent with thyroidectomy with associated posttreatment changes in the lower anterior cervical region.  There are findings that suggest resolving post treatment changes within the deep cervical soft tissues.  There are no new soft tissue masses or abnormal enhancement to suggest tumor recurrence.  Recommend continued follow up as clinically indicated.
1.Cystic pancreatic head lesion with persistent dilatation of the main pancreatic duct. There is obstruction of the main pancreatic duct due to a stone at the pancreatic neck.2.Other findings as detailed above.
Fracture of the distal radius not significantly change in alignment.
No CT findings to explain patient's acute abdominal pain.
1.	Apical abscesses in the right side of maxilla and mandible.2.	Extensive atherosclerotic calcifications of the vertebral arteries and carotid arteries.  The left carotid artery is markedly calcified and stenotic at the level of the bifurcation.3.	Extensive cerebral encephalomalacia.4.	
No interval change without acute abnormalities. Transplanted left lung is well inflated. No evidence of a pneumothorax.
1.	No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema.2.	Partial opacification of the paranasal sinuses.  The nasal cavity is partial opacified.  Please correlate with clinical examination compared to these findings are nonspecific
Unremarkable head CT with no acute findings.
1.  Mild superior endplate depression of the L3 vertebral body.2.  Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic and lumbar spine.  Please note that CT is insensitive for detecting intraspinal tumor/infection.
1.Extensive retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy with conglomerate lymph node, and resulting moderate left hydronephrosis.2.9-mm right pulmonary nodule. Recommend 3 month follow up.
ETT repositioned
Patchy bilateral lung opacities most likely subsegmental atelectasis.
1.No fluoroscopic evidence of rectocele.2.Significant residual stool despite sufficient prep, consistent with colonic inertia.3.While straining on the fluoroscopy table failed to yield any passage of contrast, post-restroom images demonstrated near-complete evacuation, with mild residual.
Interval placement of orogastric tube terminating within the proximal gastric body.
Multiple hepatic simple cysts, without evidence of a suspicious hepatic mass lesion, as clinically questioned. Of note, the comparison images from the outside institution CT did not show the entire liver.
1.	Significant reduction in the size of right-sided subdural.2.	Large residual left-sided subdural with evidence of acute blood and a slight reduction in its size.
No specific evidence of metastatic disease in the pelvis.
Interval improvement in ill-defined pulmonary nodules which were likely due to an infectious etiology.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality. 2. Mild nonspecific white matter hypoattenuation. 3. Chronic blowout fracture of the left lamina papyracea.   
Lung vascular engorgement. No focal lung opacities.
Developing pleomorphic calcifications measuring up to 2 cm in the superior posterior right breast, appreciated on MLO view, for which spot magnification views and an exaggerated CC view are recommended.BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: EB - Additional Mammo/Ultrasound Workup Required.
Normal brain CT.
Healing fractures of the fifth metacarpal and hamate.
Findings are compatible with goiter. 
1.  Stable mediastinal lymphadenopathy.2.  Unchanged soft tissue infiltration in the retroperitoneum as described above consistent with treated lymphoma.3. Resolving deep vein thromboses.4.  New left renal pelvic calculus.
No evidence of acute pulmonary abnormality. No signs of pulmonary metastases.
Thyromegaly with a dominant complex cystic nodule of the right upper thyroid pole.
1.  Stable micronodules in both lungs.2.  Minimal increase in size of abdominal lymphadenopathy.2.  Stable cholelithiasis without acute inflammation.
Essentially clear paranasal sinuses in the context of a small, nonocclusive left frontoethmoidal recess osteoma.The sella is partially empty and remodelled which is somewhat unusual for a 37-year-old female.  Suggest correlation for symptoms of pituitary insufficiency or pseudotumor.
Compared to 2/7/2016 and earlier study from 12/16/2015, there is evidence of continued decrease in size of extensive necrotic nodal adenopathy in the right neck.
Basilar atelectasis. No evidence of pneumoperitoneum. 
Dilatation of multiple loops of small bowel leading up to the suture line of the reanastomosed distal colon likely represents an obstruction at the level of the anastomosis.  Findings are similar to CT on 3/29/2012.
COPD without acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No specific evidence of infection.
Stable bilateral lung metastases and mediastinal lymphadenopathy.
1.	No detectable acute posttraumatic findings.2.	Low density extra-axial subdural collection encircles the entire brain parenchyma bilaterally as detailed.3.	Significant ventriculomegaly and supratentorial space with a shunt in place.  There are no old studies for comparison.4.	Large area of low-attenuation involves the left temporal lobe which may represent encephalomalacia however less likely possibility of an ischemic stroke of more recent onset cannot be entirely ruled out.5.	There is no evidence of skull fracture.6.	Extensive exaggerated pneumatization of visualized paranasal sinuses.
Right basilar opacity. Possible left upper lobe nodule, most likely artifact.
1. Status post colectomy with right lower quadrant ileostomy. Status post drainage of abscess lateral to ostomy site.  Thickening of pelvic small bowel loops is stable. No new abscess or fistula.   2. Stable right adnexal mass.  If indicated, transvaginal ultrasound or MRI would be helpful in further evaluating this lesion. 
No evidence of aortic aneurysm or dissection.No mediastinal lymphadenopathy.Patchy ground glass opacities in the lower lobe of the right lung are suggestive of an infectious process.
Subtle architectural distortion in the central left inner breast. Spot compression views with ultrasound is recommended.BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: EC - Additional Mammo/Ultrasound Workup Required.
Stable benign calcifications in the right breast. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
The above findings are consistent with mild congestive heart failure.
1.	Examination was performed for the purpose of stereotactic guidance. No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema.2.	Metallic artifact in partially obscures visualization of the intracranial structures.  This may obscure subtle abnormalities
1.  Status post right frontal temporal and parietal craniectomy with posterior changes.  Intraparenchymal hemorrhage with extensive surrounding edema or hernia with herniated parenchyma through this defect.  There is associated mild to moderate right to left midline shift. The findings are stable when compared to the previous study.2.  Mild prominence of the lateral third ventricles with associated intraventricular hemorrhage.  Unchanged from the previous exam.
Moderate cardiomegaly, and possible small right pleural effusion.
1.  No evidence of metastases.2.  Previous right lower lobe presumed aspiration, resolved.
Mild hip osteoarthritis
Cardiomegaly and chronic abnormalities but no reliable evidence of infection or edema.
1) Foci of heterogeneous hypoattenuation of the liver, consistent with given history of metastatic colorectal cancer, unchanged compared to prior PET/CT.2) Left lower lobe pulmonary nodule, nonspecific, recommend dedicated CT Chest to ensure resolution/stability. 
Asthma/bronchitis without pneumonia.
Mildly echogenic parenchyma consistent with medical renal disease/parenchymal dysfunction without mass, stone, or hydronephrosis.
1.	Decrease in size in the distal esophageal mass and gastrohepatic mass.
1. Right VP shunt has been removed and the left VP shunt has been placed.2. Ventriculomegaly is seen with periventricular edema.3. Stable multifocal ependymal calcific nodules and cerebellar calcifications which are consistent with the diagnosis of tuberous sclerosis.4. No acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion.
Interstitial abnormality with a UIP pattern not significantly changed since 10/2014.
Unchanged extensive post-treatment findings for a supraglottic squamous cell carcinoma without definite evidence of locoregional tumor recurrence and unchanged metastatic right level 2 lymph node that measures up to 10 mm.
No evidence of metastatic disease.
Unremarkable noncontrast enhanced CT soft tissue neck with no radiopaque foreign body, lymphadenopathy or mass. 
1. No evidence of acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion.2. Nonspecific small vessel ischemic disease.
1.  Nondisplaced right parietal fracture which may be associated with a small amount of subarachnoid hemorrhage.2.  Possible additional fracture of the occipital bone.
1. Unchanged pulmonary nodules.  2. Soft tissue density caudal to the resection site may reflect volume averaging and differences in slice variability between scans but should continue to be monitored for growth on subsequent exams.  3. Lesion in the right hepatic lobe posterior segment is slightly larger and could potentially represent a hemangioma however is incompletely assessed by this technique and a metastasis cannot be excluded.  Further characterization may be performed with dedicated hepatic MRI.
1.	No evidence of active sinusitis.2.	Chronic sinus disease of left chamber of the sphenoid sinus and minimal bilateral chronic maxillary sinus disease.  Patent bilateral ostiomeatal units of maxillary sinuses.
1) Multiple findings compatible with mesothelioma involving the right hemithorax.  Associated moderate effusion and other changes from old asbestos exposure.  2) Left adrenal mass, probable adenoma
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSA - Screening Mammogram.
Total hip arthroplasty in near-anatomic alignment.
1.Findings compatible with Langerhans cell histiocytosis.2.No evidence of pneumocystis pneumonia.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Postoperative and degenerative arthritic changes as described above. We see no fracture.
Measurements as above.  No new sites of disease.
Findings suggestive of residual pulmonary edema.The right lower lobe consolidation is indeterminate in etiology although concerning for pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. Correlate with patient's history. Possible associated right pleural effusion.
1.Enteric tube terminates in the region of the gastric body
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Unchanged basilar opacities. Trace right pleural effusion.
1. No evidence of metastatic disease.2. Diffuse narrowing of the mid-trachea, as described above,  may represent scarring from prior intubation, please correlate with clinical history.
1. Nonspecific findings noted within the right testes, somewhat increased from prior exam. Favor chronic inflammation, but cannot exclude neoplastic process.
Severe emphysema and worsening basilar opacities consistent with edema or aspiration.
ETT unchanged
Hazy opacity projecting over the right lower lung field mildly suspicious for pneumonia. Consider further evaluation with erect PA and lateral chest radiographs.
1.	No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema status post cranioplasty and aneurysm clip placement.
Mild hip and knee osteoarthritis, as described
1.Significant worsening of aeration at the right lung. 2.Interval increase in left lung haziness.3.Endotracheal tube tip at thoracic inlet.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1.	Left chamber of the sphenoid sinus with air fluid level and frothy material which may represent acute sinusitis.2.	Decreased overall mucosal thickening in the sphenoid and ethmoid sinuses.
Distended gallbladder with gallstones within it and increased gallbladder wall thickening in comparison with prior examination suspicious for acute cholecystitis. No definite pericholecystic fluid noted.Mild splenomegaly.Mild hepatomegaly with fatty infiltration.
1.	Progression of right upper lobe mass and lymphadenopathy.2.	Interval development of a large right loculated pleural effusion.3.	Stable left lower lobe nodule, suspicious for a second primary lung malignancy.
Healing fracture distal tibia.
1. Stable bifrontal encephalomalacia and ventricular enlargement.2.  Stable postoperative changes status post right parotidectomy.  No evidence of pathologic lymphadenopathy or new suspicious lesions.
1.  No pulmonary embolism.2.  Stable pulmonary micronodules and pleural plaque.
1.No evidence of diverticulitis as clinically queried. No acute intra-abdominal abnormality.2.Findings compatible with bilateral femoral head avascular necrosis without evidence of collapse.
Right chest tube with no pneumothorax. Slight worsening of pulmonary opacities.
Unremarkable post-treatment findings in the left oral tongue and without evidence of locoregional tumor recurrence or lymphadenopathy. 
No significant abnormality. No significant change.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Grade 2 hydronephrosis in the right kidney.*SFU grading system: Grade 0: No hydronephrosis. Grade 1: The renal pelvis is visualized. Grade 2: A few but not all of the calices are identified in addition to the renal pelvis. Grade 3: Virtually all the calices are seen. Grade 4: Grade 3 and parenchymal thinning. **SFU grading system retrovesical ureter: Grade 0: No ureteral dilatation. Grade 1: Ureter less than 7 mm. Grade 2: Ureter is 7-10 mm. Grade 3: Ureter is over 10 mm. Fernbach SK, Maizels M, Conway JJ. Ultrasound Grading of Hydronephrosis: Introduction to the System used by the Society for Fetal Urology. Pediatric Radiology (1993) 23: 478-480.***Rosenbaum DM, Korngold E, Teele RL. Sonographic Assessment of Renal Length in Normal Children. AJR Am J. Roentgenol (1984) 142:467-469
1.Unremarkable study.
1.The mid LAD is completely occluded.  The distal vessels fills via collaterals from the right coronary system. 2.There is an apical perfusion defect.This portion of the report pertains to the heart and great vessels only.  The remaining soft tissues of the thorax and upper abdomen will be interpreted by the attending chest radiologist and included as an addendum to this report.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities identified without interval change. No specific evidence of infection. 
No acute intracranial hemorrhage or skull fracture.
Swan-Ganz catheter now slightly redundant in the right atrium, otherwise no change.
1.	Large ill-defined mass with heterogeneous enhancement occupying the bilateral posterior base tongue, infiltrating the right vallecula and aryepiglottic fat, and the neurovascular bundles of the tongue bilaterally.  The mylohyoid muscle and approximate mandible cortical bone are not grossly infiltrated.  No significant interval change in size of the primary mass.2.	Multiple enlarged lymphadenopathy with interval decrease in size from the previous study.3.	Large lymphadenopathy at the junction of the level III and IV on the right side infiltrates that sternocleidomastoid muscle.  Interval decrease of lymphadenopathy.
Normal examination.*SFU grading system: Grade 0: No hydronephrosis. Grade 1: The renal pelvis is visualized. Grade 2: A few but not all of the calices are identified in addition to the renal pelvis. Grade 3: Virtually all the calices are seen. Grade 4: Grade 3 and parenchymal thinning. **SFU grading system retrovesical ureter: Grade 0: No ureteral dilatation. Grade 1: Ureter less than 7 mm. Grade 2: Ureter is 7-10 mm. Grade 3: Ureter is over 10 mm. Fernbach SK, Maizels M, Conway JJ. Ultrasound Grading of Hydronephrosis: Introduction to the System used by the Society for Fetal Urology. Pediatric Radiology (1993) 23: 478-480.***Rosenbaum DM, Korngold E, Teele RL. Sonographic Assessment of Renal Length in Normal Children. AJR Am J. Roentgenol (1984) 142:467-469
No evidence of kidney stones or additional CT findings to account for the patient's presenting symptoms.
Thick-walled right pelvic fluid collection with surrounding free fluid and inflammatory change extending to the neobladder and the right rectus abdominis muscle. This constellation of findings is most suspicious for superinfection of the previously seen collection.
1.Large right frontal lobe hematoma with dissection into the ventricles. Associated mass effect results in midline shift to the left, subfalcine herniation and effacement of the right frontal horn. The right lateral ventricle is mildly dilated.2.Just below and lateral to the center of the hemorrhage, a curvilinear enhancing structure is identified. On T1 precontrast images, there is a suggestion of a tuft or tangle of small vessels. MRA imaging fails to confirm this finding, though this could be a technical artifact. Findings are concerning for the presence of a vascular malformation. Further evaluation with conventional angiography is recommended.3.Several areas of ischemic injury are suspected including within the high left superior frontal gyrus, and within the right basal ganglia. Some of the parenchyma surrounding the right frontal lobe hematoma may also have sustained ischemic injury.
1.	 Parenchymal volume loss and small vessel disease with no evidence of an acute intracranial abnormality.2.	 Fracture of the left frontal process of the maxilla.  No additional facial bone or skull fractures are seen.3.	 Diffusely thickened and heterogeneous calvarium without aggressive features.  This may be a normal variation or perhaps a slightly atypical manifestation of a metabolic disorder such as Paget's disease.  Neoplastic disease is considered less likely.
Small group of calcifications in the left central breast may be fibroadenomatous but should be compared to prior studies. BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: OB - OLD FILM FOR COMPARISON
No acute intracranial abnormality.  Specifically, no CT evidence of acute territorial ischemia or of acute intracranial hemorrhage.Compared to prior CT examination of last year, marked decrease in size of pituitary tumor/apoplexy.  MRI would be more accurate for reevaluation.
A well circumscribed, homogeneously enhancing nodule within or immediately adjacent to the left submandibular gland is clearly of different tissue composition than the gland itself and is therefore highly suspicious for tumor. Both benign and malignant tumors would be in the differential.There are no pathologically enlarged lymph nodes in the neck. However, two small lymph nodes at level 2 on the left do show enhancement which is more intense than that of other normal-appearing lymph nodes, and as such these nodes are suspicious.
Sensitivity of this study is limited by absence of intravenous contrast and image artifacts.  No obvious intracranial metastasis is seen.  MRI brain without and with contrast is more sensitive for evaluation of intracranial abnormalities and can be consider for further evaluation if there remains clinical concern.
1.  New moderate left-sided loculated pleural effusion with few areas of pleural based nodularities most likely due to inflammatory pleural thickening and less likely pleural metastases.2.  Status post left nephrectomy.  No evidence of residual disease.  Complete resolution of fluid collection in the left nephrectomy bed.3.  Hypodense lesion in the right kidney enhances the most in the corticomedullary phase with washout up to 20 Hounsfield units on delayed phase suspicious for papillary renal cell carcinoma.4. Resolution of ascites.
Negative non-infused CT of brain
Mild soft tissue swelling without associated fracture
Mild heterotopic bone development but otherwise no additional new interval complications
1.	Small left ventricular chamber size but with normal systolic function.  The apex forming right ventricle is mild to moderately dilated and  and mildly reduced in function.  Interventricular septal motion suggests increased RV pressures.2.	Minimal coronary artery plaque with normal coronary artery anatomy.3.	Densely calcified cardiac structures and great vessels.4.  Severe aortic stenosis based on valve planimetry with a planimetered valve area of 0.77 cm squared.5.  Densely calcified mitral valve annulus and leaflets including dense calcifications of the aorto mitral continuity.6.  Stenosis of the proximal left pulmonary artery of undetermined hemodynamic significance.  A Doppler assessment is recommended.7. Small caliber ascending aorta and pulmonary artery.This portion of the report pertains to the heart and great vessels only.  The remaining soft tissues of the thorax and upper abdomen will be interpreted by the attending chest radiologist and included as an addendum to this report.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Heterogenous appearance of the superior sternum, please correlate with bone scan.  No other metastatic lesions.
Osteoarthritis of the left hip
1. Post-treatment findings in the right cheek, without evidence of measurable local tumor recurrence, although the region is partially obscured by dental streak artifact. 2. Stable size of lymph nodes within the neck, which are not significantly enlarged by size criteria. 3. Pulmonary nodules in the partially-imaged lungs. Please refer to the separate chest CT report for additional details.
Tendinopathy and near full-thickness tearing of the supraspinatus. 
Normal examination.
ETT retraction with tip 3 cm above carina. Worsening pleural fluid and atelectasis.
Limited exam with persistent basilar opacities more prominent on the right, compatible with consolidation/atelectasis and may be related to aspiration.
Lymphadenopathy in the chest, abdomen, and pelvis with involvement of the spleen, kidneys and possibly the small bowel.
No evidence of malignancy.
1.	Bilateral pulmonary micronodules, not significantly changed.  Follow-up is recommended in approximately 15 months to ensure stability.2.	No acute findings are seen in the abdomen.
1.  Partial small bowel obstruction with transition point within ventral hernia.  No specific evidence of bowel ischemia or perforation.2.  Postoperative changes from suprarenal stent graft placement without evidence of complication.
1.Stable exam without specific evidence of metastatic disease in the chest, abdomen or pelvis.
No acute intracranial abnormality. 
No significant abnormality is noted involving the small bowel segments.Nonspecific, lytic lesion in the left iliac bone of uncertain etiology and significance.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Circumferential thickening left colon with mild inflammation around the distal descending colon and multiple short sinus tracts containing gas.  Small amount of free intraperitoneal fluid.  No evidence of free intraperitoneal gasFold thickening or most of the small bowel.  Right hemicolectomy.  Small spleen with small focal infarct, chronic.Right adnexal cyst should be evaluated further with pelvic ultrasound.
Stable postoperative changes of right hepatectomy without evidence of tumor recurrence or metastatic disease.
1.Stable subacute left sided subdural collection, with mild localized mass effect.2.Stable mild age-indeterminate small vessel ischemic changes.3. Stable asymmetric right greater than left prominence of posterior fossa extra-axial space, which may represent additional minimal chronic subdural hygromas.
1. Right middle and lower lobe ground glass opacities/subtle clustered micronodules and bronchial wall thickening. This appearance is more consistent with bronchiolitis and would be atypical for pulmonary sarcoidosis, which is lower on the differential.2. Markedly enlarged, heterogeneous thyroid gland with interval growth.
Dobbhoff tube tip has been advanced slightly, but remains within the mid esophagus just below the level of the aortic arch.Multifocal airspace opacities compatible with pneumonia, not significantly changed.
Continued increase of disease.Right external iliac/common femoral vein thrombosis, unchanged
Nonspecific mild scattered ground glass opacity in lower lobes and scattered streaky subsegmental atelectasis.
Patchy opacities bilaterally likely atelectasis and the overall appearance representing bronchiolitis or reactive airway disease.
Slightly increased size of left adrenal metastasis and hepatic lesions. Other reference metastatic lesions are not significantly changed.
1. Normal-appearing liver.2. No evidence of stenosis nor clot within the hepatic vasculature.
1.  No evidence of metastatic disease.   2.  Partial duplication of the right kidney and congenital atrophy of the left kidney.
No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage or mass effect. Please note CT is insensitive for the detection of acute non-hemorrhagic infarcts, and MRI should be considered if there is clinical suspicion.
Prominent right level two lymph node, which is favored to be reactive. No evidence of recurrence within the thyroidectomy bed.
High grade, possibly closed loop bowel obstruction with multiple transition points located within large ventral hernias and adjacent to sutures from prior right hemicolectomy.  
1. No acute intracranial abnormality or skull fracture. 2. Opacification of the left middle ear cavity and mastoid air cells may represent otitis media. 
Stable examination without evidence of metastatic disease to the chest, abdomen or pelvis.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
No focal lung opacities.
1. Ill-defined pancreatic mass is difficult to measure on the current exam, overall not significantly changed. Persistent ill-defined nodularity and thickening of the peritoneum consistent with carcinomatosis.2. Improved residual small amount of fluid in the abdomen and pelvis. Interval resolution of left pleural effusion.
1.  Bilateral pleural effusion.2.  Irregular mucosal lesion in the greater curvature of stomach, could represent biopsy-proven adenocarcinoma or incomplete distention with oral contrast.3.  Aorto-biiliac graft with high density material within this sac could represent old hemorrhage or calcification.  Cannot rule out endoleak, as intravenous contrast is not administered.4.  Ascites.5.  Subcentimeter low-attenuation lesion in left lobe of liver most likely represent cyst.6.  Bilateral nephrolithiasis without evidence of obstruction
1.Asymmetric soft tissue prominence along the left nasopharynx/oropharynx, correlating with the area of previous hypermetabolic activity on outside PET/CT, suspicious for neoplasm. Discrete mass is not visualized2.Small irregular shaped areas of air density are seen along the left lateral oropharynx likely correlating with the area of ulceration, with extremely close proximity of residual contrast opacified left external carotid artery stump measuring 3 mm, corresponding to area of directly visualized embolization coils.3.Adjacent cervical left internal carotid artery visualized, although there remains overlying soft tissue without gross evidence of ulceration. 4.Left hyoid bone has been resected. The superior aspect of the anterior midline hyoid bone is not covered by soft tissue, presumably relating to area of concern osseous exposure.5.There is a loculated pleural fluid and/or thickening along the right hemithorax, with scattered subtle ground glass opacities. A dedicated chest CT is recommended for further evaluation, to exclude the possibility of metastatic disease. 
Normal appearing knee without findings to account for the patient's right knee pain.
Focal hypoattenuation in the left renal superior pole.  This is nonspecific and may be chronic in etiology, however may also indicate focal pyelonephritis.  Clinical correlation is advised. Follow up CT urogram in 4 weeks and/or consultation with urology is recommended. 
Stable examination with no evidence of recurrent disease or new enlarged lymph nodes.
Findings compatible fractures involving the right nasal bone and left frontal process of the maxilla.
1.	 No evidence of recurrent disease in the neck.2.	 A suspicious lesion in the right lung apex is better assessed on the separately dictated chest CT.
Normal examination.
Slight increase in edema. No significant pneumothorax.
Comminuted fracture through the surgical neck of the left humerus, as above. 
No acute pulmonary abnormality.
1.	Essentially unremarkable CT of paranasal sinuses.  Please see above comments.2.	Small well-demarcated lytic right paramedian frontal bone as detailed.  Finding is likely a benign process.
Increase in the size and number of multiple liver lesions.Interval increase in the extent of retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy.Inguinal and pelvic lymph nodes are stable.Numerous very small pulmonary micronodules.  Many of these are new since prior examination, suspicious for metastatic disease.
1. During hyperemia, subendocardial perfusion defects are present in the basal inferoseptal, inferior, and inferolateral wall as well as the mid inferoseptal and inferior walls of the LV.2. There is focal full thickness delayed hyperenhancement within the basal inferior and mid inferoseptal walls of the LV, consistent with previous myocardial infarct.3. Moderate tricuspid regurgitation. Mild aortic and mitral regurgitation.LV and RV function will be added as a separate addendum once those measurements have been performed.
Normal examination.
Small fluid density collection to the right of midline abutting the skin at the anal verge consistent with a small abscess.  Correlate for fistulization to the skin.
1. Right breast mass with enlarged right axillary lymph node, diffuse osseous sclerotic metastatic disease, and a suspicious hypodense lesion in the left hepatic lobe. Reference measurements listed above.2. Nonspecific pulmonary micronodules in the right lower lobe and left lower lobe. Attention on follow-up imaging is recommended. Trace left pleural effusion.
1.  Pancreatic head lesion compatible with history of pancreatic carcinoma with associated main pancreatic ductal dilatation and pancreatic atrophy. Pneumobilia. 2.  Diffuse hazy induration of the peripancreatic region surrounding the biliary stent as well as the SMA, SMV and portal vein.  This is nonspecific and may represent inflammation, edema or tumoral infiltration. 3.  Constipation. No other significant change since 1/4/2013.  
No pneumoperitoneum.
1.	Lucency through the left paramedian mandible with sclerosis of adjacent bone.  Findings are most suggestive of a chronic inflammatory, perhaps infectious process.  Associated with this is thickening and infiltration of adjacent submental soft tissue.  No definite focal mass lesion or pathologic adenopathy is demonstrated.  Neoplastic etiology for this finding is unlikely but cannot be entirely excluded.  At the least, a follow-up exam is recommended after treatment to document resolution.2.	No acute intracranial abnormality.
No significant change in the ventricular size or position of shunt catheter.
No evidence of bony destruction or obvious dental infection.
1.  Circumferential thickening of distal esophagus, compatible with the stated history of esophageal neoplasm.  2.  Severe upper lung emphysema and nonspecific micronodules.  No specific evidence of pulmonary metastases.
1.	No acute intracranial abnormality2.	No evidence of intracranial vascular occlusion or other abnormality seen on the CT angiogram.3.	The internal carotid artery at the level of the pharynx is slightly medially deviated.
Grade 3 right upper moiety hydronephrosis and grade 2 right hydroureter.*SFU grading system: Grade 0: No hydronephrosis. Grade 1: The renal pelvis is visualized. Grade 2: A few but not all of the calices are identified in addition to the renal pelvis. Grade 3: Virtually all the calices are seen. Grade 4: Grade 3 and parenchymal thinning. **SFU grading system retrovesical ureter: Grade 0: No ureteral dilatation. Grade 1: Ureter less than 7 mm. Grade 2: Ureter is 7-10 mm. Grade 3: Ureter is over 10 mm. Fernbach SK, Maizels M, Conway JJ. Ultrasound Grading of Hydronephrosis: Introduction to the System used by the Society for Fetal Urology. Pediatric Radiology (1993) 23: 478-480.***Rosenbaum DM, Korngold E, Teele RL. Sonographic Assessment of Renal Length in Normal Children. AJR Am J. Roentgenol (1984) 142:467-469
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
Sentinel nodes identified in the left axilla.
1.	No evidence of acute or chronic sinus disease.2.	Endoscopic sinus surgery with patent sinonasal windows.  There is visualization of bilateral ostiomeatal units of maxillary sinuses which are patent.3.	Mild nasal septum deviation to the left with compromise of the left nasal cavity.4.	Very small defect within the nasal septum with no associated any additional abnormality.
Focal asymmetry in the far posterior right breast. Additional imaging, including spot compression views and possible ultrasound, are recommended for further evaluation. BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: EB - Additional Mammo/Ultrasound Workup Required.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Complications from surfactant deficiency.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually.  BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
Focal chondral fissuring of the medial patellar facet. Small joint effusion.
Findings compatible with extensive cellulitis of the right thigh with mild edema/inflammation deep to the IT tract and tensor fascia lata and rectus femoris muscles.  No specific findings which are suspicious for abscess.  Although it is impossible to exclude necrotizing fasciitis, there are no specific findings to indicate this.These findings were discussed with Tracy Cardin at 1739 hrs 11/7/12.
Stable emphysematous changes.  The previously discussed left lower lobe nodule is not currently well appreciated in her place with a small suspected scar.  Suspected prior postinflammatory focus and see detail provided
Normal radiographs of the right knee.
Stable exam. No convincing bone metastasis.
No new focal lung opacity to suggest infection.
1. Mildly echogenic kidneys bilaterally consistent with medical renal disease/parenchymal function.2. Bilateral mildly complex renal cysts.3. No evidence of obstruction.
1.  Pulmonary arterial hypertension of uncertain etiology.  Possibilities include chronic pulmonary embolism or idiopathic. 2.  No significant interstitial lung disease.
No findings to explain patient's symptoms of right groin pain.  Specifically, no evidence of pelvic mass or fatty infiltration of the liver, the question.
Stable examination without new sites of disease identified. Reference measurements as above.
Interval decrease in size of the spiculated right breast mass, with no evidence of axillary lymphadenopathy bilaterally. Note that the distances between the biopsy clips with malignant results in the right breast spans up to 9 cm. BIRADS: 6 - Known cancer.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
Soft tissue swelling without radiographic evidence of osteomyelitis. If strong clinical concern for osteomyelitis, further evaluation with MRI could be considered.
No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage, mass effect, or edema.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No evidence of pulmonary metastases.
Stress fracture of the distal fibular diaphysis. I could not reach Dr. Asbury via page or via direct phone call to his clinic to relay these findings. I also tried calling the patient directly at her home phone number shortly after 1pm, but there was no answer or voicemail. An e-mail was sent to Dr. Asbury via Epic.
Large sellar/suprasellar tumor, probably not significantly changed in size allowing for technical differences which complicate comparison to the prior MRI. Small interval changes cannot be excluded. The intracranial optic nerves, chiasm and tracts are not well visualized. However, given the location of the tumor, it is likely that the optic apparatus is impinged in some way.  An MRI of the pituitary or of the orbits may be considered for better evaluation if clinically warranted.
Avascular necrosis with questionable flattening of the bilateral femoral heads.
No significant abnormality. No evidence of metastases or other causes for rib pain. A bone scan might be more sensitive if clinically indicated.
No significant change in ventricular size.  Right parietal low attenuation may be due to subacute ischemia.  Correlation with MR if indicated.
Interval intubation with ET tube in satisfactory position. Nonspecific basilar opacities compatible with atelectasis and possible small effusions.
Mild nonspecific prominence of the lateral ventricles. Otherwise, unremarkable noncontrast CT brain, with incidental possible partially empty sella.
1. No evidence of PE.2. Grossly unchanged diffuse metastatic disease.
Right midlung opacity, likely pneumonia.
1. Patent fallopian tubes.2. Diffuse shaggy appearance of the uterine mucosa of uncertain etiology. 
1.  Left lower lobe subsegmental pulmonary artery embolism.2.  Moderate-sized bilateral pleural effusions.
No pulmonary emboli.  No significant abnormalities to account for the patient's symptoms.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1.	Single 19 x 15 mm lung mass adjacent to the descending aorta.  Mildly prominent mediastinal, hilar, and abdominal lymph nodes but no specific evidence to suggest metastatic disease. 2.	Diffuse nodular pleural thickening and calcifications compatible with prior asbestos exposure.  No evidence of interstitial lung disease to suggest asbestosis. 3.	Small left pleural effusion and moderate centrilobular emphysema.  
1.Lymphadenopathy throughout the chest, abdomen and pelvis with increase in size of the reference of non-reference lymph nodes in the abdomen and pelvis.2.Hypoattenuation within the spleen is nonspecific and may be related to prior infarct.3.Partially imaged left inguinal fluid collection is likely a postprocedural seroma.
Interval retraction of UVC, tip is to the right atrium.Bilateral diffuse lung haziness consistent with RDS or TTN.Disorganized, nonspecific abdominal gas pattern.
No evidence of pulmonary emboli in the major vessels. Atelectasis and bronchial constriction and wall thickening, consistent with asthma.
No evidence of bowel obstruction.  No acute abnormality to explain the patient's findings.Large hiatal hernia containing the fundus of the stomach.Significant calcified plaque at the origin of the right renal artery with smaller right kidney suspicious for right renal artery stenosis.Epigastric abdominal pain.  Nausea vomiting.  Evaluate for obstruction.
1. Early infarction involving vast regions of the right anterior and posterior cerebral artery territories without evidence of hemorrhagic transformation or midline shift.2. Background of probable small vessel white matter ischemic disease and chronic lacunar infarction in the cerebellum. However, non-contrast CT is insensitive for the detection of non-hemorrhagic acute infarct.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Basilar atelectasis and consolidation with no acute change. 
Nonspecific pulmonary micronodules, most likely secondary to previous infection and intrapulmonary lymph nodes, but a follow-up scan is recommended after approximately 2-6 months to confirm stability.
1. Ill-defined lesion located within Segment 5 of the right liver lobe. Further imaging in the form of a liver CT is recommended.2. Small calcification noted within the second and third part of the duodenum2. Bilateral pleural effusions3. Small pericardial effusion
Normal examination.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
Enlarging bilateral effusions without significant additional change
1.Enteric tube terminates in the region of the gastric fundus.
Healing mid radial diaphysis fracture.
1.	Nonenhanced head CT demonstrate interval increased hemorrhage in the supratentorial space and the suspected a small focus of left posterior frontal parenchymal hemorrhage.  There is also new hemorrhage in the posterior fossa in the dorsal aspect of the left cerebellum with subtle surrounding edema.2.	Partially visualized superior aspect of the aortic arch demonstrate a previously known dissection which extends minimally into the very proximal left subclavian and left common carotid artery without vascular lumen compromise.  Unremarkable CTA of the neck otherwise.3.	CTA of the head demonstrate no evidence of an aneurysm.  All the vasculature at the level of the circle of Willis are well visualized and without evidence of pathology.  There is also no convincing evidence of any abnormal increased vascularity or aneurysm at multiple foci of intracranial hemorrhage seen on above head CT.  Note should be made that CTA may be insensitive for detection of small aneurysm at the very distal smaller branches of the intracranial circulation.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient. The patient's breast pain should be managed clinically.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
Negative for acute, inflammatory, or neoplastic process. Specifically, unremarkable kidneys and upper collecting system.
No evidence of metastases.
Negative unenhanced brain CT.
No acute pulmonary abnormality.
1. Postsurgical changes related to orthotopic liver transplant, see above.2. Improving hematoma in region of lesser sac/along greater curvature of stomach.3. Mild interval increase in ascites, now small to moderate.4. Bilateral pleural effusions.
Probable mild aspiration of secretions but no signs of pneumonia.
Osteoarthritis as above.
Low probability of pulmonary embolism.
No evidence of metastasis in the chest or upper abdomen.
Healing fractures of distal tibia and fibula.
Minimal opacification of the ethmoid/sphenoid sinuses.  No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or mass.
Stable CT examination of brain.
1.	Stable left ophthalmic artery origin aneurysm.2.	Stable mild chronic small vessel ischemic disease.
New catheter with no complications.
Normal esophogram. 
Right upper lobe atelectasis has improved from prior study.
No acute fracture or dislocation.
1. Stable post treatment change in the neck soft tissue. 2. There is no pathologic lymphadenopathy.3. No evidence of brain metastases. 
Interval significant decrease in the size of the left subdiaphragmatic fluid collection.
Acute sinusitis superimposed on chronic inflammation.  Postoperative change status post functional endoscopic sinus surgery.
No specific evidence of infection. Left lung mass appears similar to prior.
1.	Interval resolution of subarachnoid hemorrhage without evidence of new bleeding.2.	Stable mild small vessel ischemic disease in the right frontal periventricular white matter.
Normal brain CT.
Stable exam without evidence of metastatic disease.
Slight progression of ARDS-like abnormality. Advancement of Swan Ganz catheter which can be followed to the distal right main PA level.
Large Hill-Sachs deformity and cartilaginous-osseous Bankart lesion compatible with prior humeral head dislocation.
Trace mucosal thickening in the left maxillary and ethmoid sinuses, without fluid levels to suggest acute sinusitis. The other paranasal sinuses are clear. 
1.	No evidence for  neck lymphadenopathy on the basis of CT size criteria for lymphadenopathy.2.	The patient's esophageal thickening appears stable since the prior exam.3.	Degenerative changes in the midcervical spine.
1.Decrease in the size of the primary pancreatic tail mass and the reference hepatic metastases.
Enlarging right pleural effusion and worsening basilar opacities.
Interval increase in size and number of multiple pulmonary metastatic lesions with new mediastinal lymphadenopathy. Increasing size of reference right lower lobe mass.
No finding to explain the patient's symptoms. No acute intra-abdominal abnormality.
No radiopaque foreign object such as an instrument or otherwise. Findings were relayed to Dr. Song in the operating room at the time of dictation.
1. Stable examination of abdomen and pelvis with no lymph nodes seen meeting CT criteria for lymphadenopathy.2. Right lung base small cluster of micronodules with associated groundglass most likely focal area of inflammation.
1.Increase of subarachnoid, intraventricular, and midbrain hemorrhage.2.Pan dilatation of ventricular system.3.An EVD has been placed via right frontal approach with its tip in the right lateral ventricle.4.Increasing sulcal effacement.5.The pons and medulla and now appear compressed by subarachnoid and intraventricular hemorrhages.6.Findings were discussed with Dr. Salvador at the scanner at the time of image acquisition.
No evidence of pulmonary metastatic disease.
1.  Technically adequate study with no evidence of PE.2.  3-mm right middle lobe micronodule.  If the patient is at high risk for malignancy, follow-up CT is recommended in 12 months.
Slightly echogenic liver which may reflect underlying hepatitis C. No focal liver lesions.
Hypervolemia/CHF is worse, but the basal consolidation has cleared.
Swan-Ganz catheter tip in the right main pulmonary artery.
1.  Persistent bilateral pulmonary nodules.  2.  No significant interval change in mediastinal lymphadenopathy.  3.  Stable appearance to musculoskeletal metastases in the chest, abdomen, and pelvis.  4.  No significant interval change in retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy and mass in left nephrectomy bed.
Extensive progression of disease in the abdomen and pelvis with increase in the size of the hepatic lesion and peritoneal nodules.  There is new ascites which is likely malignant.  There is extensive omental caking.Sclerotic osseous structures and  infarcted spleen likely from sickle cell disease.
1.  Fluid within the anterior chest subcutaneous tissues adjacent to and below the inferior aspect of the sternum.  The fluid extends anteriorly to the skin surface and posteriorly abutting the pericardium.  These findings are most likely post-surgical and may represent a seroma/hematoma.  No evidence of discrete loculation or osteomyelitis.2.  Moderate CHF.
No significant change in metastatic disease.
Interval stable pan-paranasal sinusitis with bilateral ostiomeatal complexes compromise.
Improved aeration with residual opacification right costophrenic angle from atelectasis resolving consolidation. Mild cardiomegaly, decreased from prior.
1. Solid enhancing left renal lesion with interval increase in size since 2013, with imaging features consistent with renal cell carcinoma.2. Interval decrease in size of complex right renal lesion previously characterized as a complex cyst.3. Large right inguinal hernia without evidence of obstruction.
1.	Improvement in ground glass opacity in the right lung that is of uncertain etiology.2.	Bilateral pleural effusions and round atelectasis in the lung bases, not significantly changed.
Right perihilar nodular opacity may represent pneumonia. See same day CT chest report for additional details.
Mild soft tissue swelling without fracture or dislocation.
No acute abnormalities of the chest or upper abdomen.  No interval change since the recent prior study from 7/2/13.
1. Acute infarct in the left PCA territory involving the left occipital lobe. 2. Note limited sequences of the brain were obtained and multifocal encephalomalacia is better appreciated on prior CT. 3. Asymmetrically diminutive left posterior cerebral artery in its distal P2 and P3 segments which may be occluded. Otherwise major intracranial vasculature is grossly patent.
Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age.  Bilateral basal ganglia lacunar infarcts.
1. Overall mild multilevel degenerative changes in the lumbar spine. There is no significant central spinal canal stenosis at any level. There is mild right L3-L4 and more significant left L4-L5 neural foraminal stenosis where there may be impingement of the exiting left L4 nerve root. Additional levels as above.2. Prominent perineural cysts at the S2 level which are a relatively common incidental finding. These lesions however appear to have mild local mass effect on the S1 and S2 nerve roots which is of uncertain clinical significance.3. Small nonspecific lesions involving the L1 and L4 vertebral bodies as above. These may represent benign entity such as atypical hemangioma but would suggest comparison with prior MRI if available or follow-up to ensure stability. No discrete marrow infiltrating or destructive lesion is evident. 
1. Acute sphenoid sinusitis. 2. Postsurgical changes status post bilateral antrostomies and ethmoidectomies. 3. Minimal mucosal thickening in the bilateral maxillary, residual ethmoid and left frontal sinuses. 
1. No acute intracranial abnormality. 2. No evidence of cervical spine fracture or subluxation, if spinal cord or ligamentous injury is suspected MRI is recommended.
Left upper lobe nodule unchanged over the past 12 months, although increased since 2008.  Follow-up is recommended in approximately 12 months time.    
Tracheostomy tube in place with no acute findings.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Atelectasis and probable small effusions.
1.Dobbhoff tube terminates at the antropyloric region.
1. Decrease in conspicuity of the right temporoparietal left frontal lobe hypodensities and mild sulcal effacement.2. Unchanged right frontal lobe and deep left hemisphere perfusion watershed chronic infarcts. 3. Improvement of postsurgical changes. 
Findings suggestive of early edema secondary to CHF.
Postsurgical changes and right maxillary sinus disease.  Improvement from previous.
1.  Interval development of several small nodular densities in the left upper lobe.  These are somewhat atypical in appearance for postinflammatory nodules and short-term CT follow-up in 3-4 months is recommended to assess for resolution and exclude growth.2. The remainder of the examination is stable in appearance.  Please note that the severe osteopenia and fatty marrow replacement limited sensitivity for skeletal metastases.
1. No pulmonary embolism or other findings to account for patient's symptoms.2. Bilateral hypodense lesions in the kidneys are incompletely characterized on CT. Renal ultrasound is recommended for further evaluation.
Stable and cardiopulmonary appearance with persistent pleural effusions.
1.  Increased number and size of the lower lobe pulmonary nodules bilaterally2.  Decreased size of the complex left adnexal cyst.
1.	Approximately stable multiloculated right pleural effusion with associated compressive atelectasis.2.	Persistent moderate\large left pleural effusion with associated compressive atelectasis.3.	Stable left upper lobe pulmonary nodule may represent site of metastatic disease or primary lung cancer.
Normal
Properly positioned J-tube retention balloon within the small bowel lumen. 
Osteoarthritis of the right shoulder and other findings as above.
Mild Osteoarthritis. Sclerosis of the right femoral head consistent with avascular necrosis.
Bilateral large subdural hematoma with focal hyperattenuating area overlying the left frontal region likely representing a site of rebleeding.
Interval increase in upper lobe predominant interlobular septal thickening and bilateral pleural effusions.  Some improvement in peripheral ground glass opacities and airspace consolidation in the right upper lobe.  Although these findings mostly represent a component of pulmonary edema, superimposed infection, drug reaction or graft versus host disease cannot be excluded.  
Chronic pansinusitis and allergic rhinitis.
No significant change in the right neck paraganglioma.
1.	Pancreatic head lesion consistent with known pancreatic adenocarcinoma.2.	Extensive hepatic metastatic disease.3.	Moderate ascites fluid and mesenteric nodularity suspicious for peritoneal carcinomatosis.4.	Bilateral pleural effusions, right more than left.5.	Multiple nodules in partially visualized lungs.
1. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or mass effect.2. Right frontal lobe encephalomalacia is unchanged.
No specific evidence of infection or edema.
1.Umbilical venous catheter terminates in the superior vena cava.2.Slight cardiomegaly and retrocardiac opacity, similar to the prior exam.
Mild peribronchial thickening suggests bronchiolitis/airway hyperreactivity pattern. 
1. interval resolution of scattered right lower lobe and right upper lobe pulmonary nodules, consistent with resolved infectious process. No evidence of acute recurrent or residual infection.2. Indeterminate irregularly-shaped solid pulmonary nodule in the right upper lobe measures 10 mm and demonstrates stability from 2015. Attention on routine follow-up.3. Signs of chronic smoking related bronchitis and moderate paraseptal and centrilobular emphysema.
1.	Suboptimal study without large central pulmonary embolus.2.	Bibasilar atelectasis/consolidation.
1.	No intracranial metastasis.2.	No evidence of a mass or pathologic lymphadenopathy in the soft tissues of the neck.3.	Maxillary sinus disease.
1.Total Calcium score was 6; 77th percentile for age, race, and gender. This portion of the report pertains to the heart and great vessels only. The remaining soft tissues of the thorax and upper abdomen will be interpreted by the attending chest radiologist and included as an addendum to this report.
Persistent multifocal streaky opacities on a background of diffuse, coarse lung haziness with pattern of PIE.Disorganized, nonspecific abdominal gas pattern.
Moderate to severe osteoarthritis
Interval improvement in pleural effusions and basilar consolidation, with persistent edema and underlying centrilobular emphysema. No reliable evidence of infection since the basilar consolidation likely is simple atelectasis. No new findings. 
1. No evidence of pulmonary embolism. 2. Basilar edema and atelectasis with small pleural effusions.3. Scattered small calcified and noncalcified pulmonary nodules are nonspecific but most likely postinflammatory. 6 -12 month follow up CT is recommended to document stability.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
Orthopedic fixation of healed proximal ulnar fracture without evidence of complication.
1.Interval placement of two new pigtail catheters in the left hepatic lobe abscess and left perihepatic abscess.2.The left hepatic lobe abscess has not significantly changed.3.The left perihepatic abscess has nearly resolved with some residual fluid.
Right thoracic and left thoracolumbar curves.
1. Stable post therapy change of the face and neck with no discrete mass or pathologic lymphadenopathy is identified.2.  Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age.3.  Paranasal sinuses nonspecific inflammatory change as detailed above.
No obvious extraluminal contrast, intramural air or free air.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
Endoscopy capsule in the proximal descending colon.
1.Mild echogenic hepatic parenchyma. Patent main portal vein.2.Mild splenomegaly.3.Mild increased echogenicity of the renal cortices.
Interval improvement in aeration left lung though persistent, diffuse airspace opacities remain.
Interval increase in size of mediastinal mass, moderate left and small right pleural effusions and left lower lobe atelectasis/consolidation.
Loculated small right pleural effusion/thickening with adjacent nodular opacity suggestive of round atelectasis.
1- No evidence of pulmonary embolism.2- Right upper lobe tree in bud pattern and scattered micronodules unchanged from prior and concerning for a typical pneumonia such as fungal or mycobacterial.3- Thin-walled cavity in the left upper lobe no significant change from prior.
1. Resolution of marked findings of diverticulitis complication seen on 6/22/2015 examination, now with expected postoperative appearance without diagnostic abnormality seen.
1.  Interval improvement in bowel dilatation and ascites.  Bilateral pleural effusions have resolved.2.  Pulmonary micronodules which are nonspecific and stable since the prior examination.3.  No significant abdominal/pelvic lymphadenopathy.
Improvement in the peri-stomal tumor.  No other evidence of disease.
1.No evidence for local recurrence or neck lymphadenopathy on the basis of CT size criteria for lymphadenopathy2.The laryngeal mucosal tissues remain thick but unchanged. This is suspected to be a result of posttreatment change but best evaluated the laryngoscopy .3.Spinal stenosis at C4-5.
Orthopedic fixation of the lower cervical spine and degenerative disc disease appearing similar to the prior study.
No mass or lymphadenopathy in the soft tissue of the neck. 
1.  Heterogeneity of the uterine myometrium is incompletely characterized on CT but concerning for invasive gestational trophoblastic disease given history and persistently elevated serum beta-hCG.  Follow-up pelvic MRI with and without contrast is recommended for further evaluation.2.  Soft tissue nodule within the uterine cavity which may represent hemorrhage or retained products of conception.3.  Bilateral adnexal cystic masses which may be reactive to recent pregnancy.
1.Stable to slight decrease in size of liver lesions. However, hypodensity of the liver parenchyma peripherally in the context of an occluded portal vein and attenuated hepatic arteries concerning for evolving vascular compromise vs infection.2.Small amount of dense opacification in the right lung base with air bronchograms may be consistent with aspiration/infection.3.Submucosal edema throughout the colon may be consistent with colitis. Further, prominent small bowel loops concerning for ileus pattern4.Large interval increase in abdomino-pelvic ascites.
1.	No acute intracranial abnormality.
Normal CTA chest and abdomen.
Mild basilar atelectasis without significant change.
1. New small left pleural fluid, in region of previously seen left paraspinal mass, and mild left posterolateral chest wall subcutaneous induration and nodularity and left upper quadrant mesenteric fat stranding, likely iatrogenic in etiology and correlation with patient's procedural history recommended. No measurable disease seen at level of previously visualized necrotic subcarinal lymph node. 2. Stable retroperitoneal and pelvic adenopathy as above. 3. Previously seen left psoas hypoattenuating focus not well visualized on current exam.
Mild increase in size of the largest right lower lobe pulmonary nodule, over the course of multiple studies dating back to 2006, suggesting indolent growth. Other reference measurements provided above.
1. Posttreatment related changes of the neck are again demonstrated without evidence for recurrent tumor.2. There has been interval development of large periapical lucency in the right mandible involving tooth #30 with erosion of the buccal and lingual cortex of the mandible. Additionally, there is a periapical lucency between tooth #18 and 19 in the left mandible with erosion of the buccal cortex. Findings are consistent with osteoradionecrosis. Underlying infection is not excluded although there are no fluid collections to suggest abscess.
1. No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage or mass. Marked periventricular and deep white matter patchy confluent hypodensity is most compatible with age indeterminate small vessel ischemic disease.2. Mild left facial soft tissue swelling without evidence of fracture.
No kinking or discontinuity is seen in the radiopaque portions of the shunt catheter.
1.  Interval increase in ventricular volumes without radiographic evidence of VP shunt abnormality.2. Hypodense bifrontal subdural fluid collection consistent with previously described subacute subdural hematoma.
1.  Post liver transplant by history with no liver masses seen.  2.  Narrowing of portal vein after SMV -- splenic confluence -- progressing since 2005.  3.  New 1.6-cm exophytic left renal lesion most likely high density cyst -- see above discussion.
Elevated thyroid uptake compatible with known Grave's disease. Note a drop in the uptake from 4 to 24 hours in this patient is suggestive of rapid organification and thyroid hormone turnover / release.
1. Cirrhosis without detectable portal venous flow, consistent with thrombosis.2. No suspicious hepatic lesions identified.3. Splenomegaly and minimal ascites.
Valgus angulation with moderate to more pronounced osteoarthritic changes of the knee, hip and ankle. See details provided
Acute pancreatitis as described without evidence of pseudocyst or abscess formation.
No acute fracture. SCFE deformity status post pinning of the right hip. Bony prominence of the left hip compatible with femoral acetabular impingement.
Normal appearing left ovary, unchanged compared to prior examination. Likely physiologic right ovarian cyst, recommend correlation with recent pelvic ultrasound.
Normal examination.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
Markedly improved fat stranding around the sigmoid colon. No new acute process to explain pain.  Small bilateral pleural effusions of uncertain etiology.Discussed with Dr. Hurst Tuesday evening 4/24/12, approximately 7 p.m.
No significant interval change in size or appearance of a fluid density oval structure projecting just posterior to the left ostiomeatal unit with osseous remodeling. This could represent a chronic mucous retention cyst relating to the ethmoids or possibly a mucocele relating to a left-sided Haller cell. Correlation with surgical findings is recommended.
1. Multiple solid pulmonary nodules are present suspicious for metastatic disease. No definite primary lesion is visualized.2. Nodular thickening of the gallbladder wall is suspicious for malignancy. Metastatic disease is favored over a primary gallbladder cancer.Findings discussed by telephone with the clinical service, Dr. Sakuraba at 10:30 AM on 9/14/2016.
Salter-Harris II fracture of the distal tibia.
Possible chronic cholecystitis.  Small left retrocrural lymph node.
1. No evidence of urinary tract stone disease.2. No abnormal findings seen to account for patient's symptomatology.
ET tube tip at the level of the thoracic inlet.
Postsurgical changes in the pelvis.  Bilateral air containing lymphoceles.Subcentimeter round airspace opacities in the right lower lobe.  Follow-up imaging with chest CT is recommended.Likely thrombosed bilateral common iliac veins and IVC inferior to the level of the IVC filter.
1. Status post right hemicolectomy with hepatic, pleural and abdominal and pelvic metastatic lesions involving the mesentery, retroperitoneum, and abdominal wall.2. Right nephroureteral catheter with marked right hydronephrosis and tumor encasing the distal ureter.
Fracture of the lateral malleolus with deltoid ligament injury.
1.	Spiculated soft tissue mass within the right breast consistent with recent ultrasound breast/mammogram.2.	Borderline enlarged superior mediastinal lymph node.3.	Likely focal fatty infiltration of the liver.4.	Heterogeneity of the uterus and lower uterine segment for which dedicated pelvic ultrasound or MR pelvis is recommended to further evaluate.  These findings may reflect uterine fibroids and nabothian cysts.
1. No evidence of acute infarct.2. Global parenchymal volume loss commensurate with patient's age. There is slight prominence of the ventricles compared to the degree of volume loss raising question of communicating hydrocephalus/NPH in the appropriate clinical setting. No significant change since 8/5/2010. 3. No significant steno-occlusive disease of the arteries of the brain or neck. 
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography.
1.  Extensive maxillofacial postoperative changes with stable mucosal thickening, as described above .2.  No evidence of intracranial metastases
No evidence of localized recurrence or metastatic disease.
Moderate left pleural effusion with adjacent compressive atelectasis, stable to slightly decreased from prior. No pneumothorax.
Stable postsurgical changes status post craniosynostosis repair with no acute intracranial abnormality. 
No significant abnormality. No specific evidence of infection.
Small focus of increased enhancement in the right mid gland peripheral zone, suspicious for prostate cancer. No evidence of extracapsular extension.
Trend toward worsening in diffuse pulmonary opacities most consistent with pulmonary edema.
Continued lung opacities.
1.	No evidence of intracranial metastases.2.	Stable posttreatment changes in the neck.3.	Please refer to CT chest for intrathoracic findings.
Nephrolithiasis and scarring bilaterally with persistent caliectasis and mild hydronephrosis on the left side. No stones seen in either ureter.  New mildly increased left lower pole perinephric stranding is non-specific, and may be further investigated with contrast-enhanced exam, if indicated. This finding could be due to infection rather than obstruction.  
1. Interval improvement in previously seen right-sided hydronephrosis with right-sided nephroureteral stent now seen and exiting right-sided urostomy. Asymmetrically smaller right kidney with cortical scarring seen. Mild bilateral hydronephroureter, left greater than right (on left side, new; on right side, improved). Minimal urothelial wall enhancement on right side, may be reactive in etiology but nonspecific. 2. Mild interval increase in size of mediastinal lymph nodes, nonspecific. New small right greater than left pleural effusions. Index right lower lobe nodule measuring 2.6 cm seen on prior CT exam not well visualized, expected region obscured by right pleural effusion. Additional nodules also not well seen. 3. New wedge-shaped hypoattenuation involving the lateral aspect of spleen, suspicious for infarct.4. Stable retroperitoneal adenopathy and indeterminate ill-defined right lower quadrant soft tissue nodularity. 5. Improvement in ill-defined soft tissue enhancement in periurethral/perineal region as above, underlying infectious or neoplastic etiology are differential considerations and correlation with patient's clinical history and physical exam recommended.6. Moderate-sized hiatal hernia. 
No signs of pneumonia. No acute pulmonary abnormality.
Decrease in left lower lobe subpleural nodular consolidation and otherwise stable disease.
Interval increase in size of mediastinal and bilateral hilar adenopathy.  Slight interval increase in size of left lung fissural lymph node.
Findings consistent with multinodular goiter. No prior ultrasound is available for comparison at the time of dictation.
Lesser curve gastric mass with gastrohepatic lymphadenopathy and central ulceration suggests malignancy.  Bilateral adrenal masses.  Mediastinal adenopathy.  Left thyroid nodule. Possible aortic stenosis. Dr. Schwartz was notified of the results at the time of the examination. 
Expected postoperative changes following tethered cord release, with now discontinuous areas of fat signal along the filum terminale. Conus termination remains essentially stable at the lower L1 level. Prone images demonstrate appropriate ventral motion of the distal spinal canal contents.
Displaced and angulated oblique femoral diaphyseal fracture.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
No evidence of acute fracture or malalignment in the cervical, thoracic and lumbar spine.
Minimal patchy atelectasis bilaterally without pneumonia.
No significant lymphadenopathy in the neck.
Osteoarthritis as described above.
Minimal left periorbital soft tissue swelling with no evidence of fracture or abnormality of the orbits.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality, specifically no evidence of pneumothorax.
No acute intracranial abnormality or other specific findings to account for the patient's symptoms.
1.	Negative CT examination of brain parenchyma.2.	Minimal sinusitis of the left chamber all sphenoid sinus.
1. Expected postsurgical changes of left-sided craniotomy and grid placement. Left frontal cortical malformation better seen on prior MRI.2. Minimal rightward midline shift. No large hemorrhage.
No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage.  Mild chronic white matter ischemic disease.Diffuse calvarial thickening, nonspecific.  
Interval removal of lower extremity Swan-Ganz catheter.
Interval decrease in right pleural effusion compared to prior outside exam with residual mild pleural thickening and nodularity noted.  No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.  No evidence of lymphadenopathy.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
1.	No significant change in the fluid collection in the gastrohepatic ligament that remain suspicious of trauma to a hollow viscus
Interval intubation with ET tube in adequate position. Mild increasing right basilar atelectasis.
1. No convincing evidence of tumor recurrence in the posterior fossa. 2. No evidence of drop metastases in the spinal canal.
1.Redemonstration of findings related to extensive prior microvascular and lacunar ischemic disease.2.No definite new or acute finding is seen, though if clinical concern persists, MRI would provide a more sensitive evaluation.
Interval intubation with ETT tube tip in a low position at level of the carina. Persistent left apical pneumothorax.
1. Multinodular thyroid as described above. Favor benign etiologies.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
1.No MR evidence of demyelinating disease within the brain or cervical spine.2.Unremarkable MRA of the head and neck, although with limited evaluation of the V2 segments secondary to venous contamination. Grossly, cervical vertebral artery flow voids are present on MRI of the cervical spine.3.Minimal lower cervical spondylotic changes without significant stenosis at any level.4.Redemonstration of chronic right orbital floor blowout fracture.
Successful ultrasound-guided core biopsy of the right breast lesions (2 sites) and clip placement. Pathology is pending at this time.BIRADS: 5 - Highly suggestive of malignancy.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
1.Cardiomegaly.2.Bilateral pulmonary arterial enlargement suggesting pulmonary hypertension.
New left lower lobe infiltrate is probably due to aspiration pneumonia. Stable moderate ascites secondary to peritoneal carcinomatosis.
1.Evolving postoperative changes related to surgical clipping of bilateral ophthalmic segment aneurysms and previously coiled supraclinoid right internal carotid artery aneurysm. No obvious filling of these aneurysm is appreciated within the limits of streak artifact. A small left superior hypophyseal artery which was found to be extradural per surgical note has not been treated and is not well seen on the current study.2.Major arterial structures remain patent. 3.Hypoattenuation in the left inferior frontal and anterior temporal lobes again may represent evolving edema or ischemia. MRI can better assess for infarct clinically indicated.
1.Marked submucosal edema and wall thickening of the gallbladder with a gallstone in a moderately distended gallbladder. Although there is no pericholecystic fluid or ascites, findings are concerning for acute or subacute cholecystitis. Similar findings are seen on the ultrasound earlier same day.2.Other findings as above.
No acute abnormality. No specific evidence of infection.
1.  No definitive evidence of metastatic disease.  2.  Bilateral thyroid nodules.  See neck CT report for further details.3.  Scattered punctate pulmonary micronodules which are more likely post inflammatory than metastatic.  Continued follow-up is recommended.4.  Nonspecific hepatic hypodensities which are too small to characterize but more likely represent benign cysts or hemangiomas than metastases.  Continued follow up is recommended.
Total elbow arthroplasty as described above.
No evidence of metastases. 
New left basilar opacity with small pleural effusion likely representing infection.
1. No evidence of an acute pulmonary embolus.2. Left chest wall fluid collection is likely postsurgical in etiology, possibly representing a postoperative seroma in the absence of clinical symptoms suggesting infection.3. 6 mm groundglass opacity within the right upper lobe; this is unlikely to represent a metastasis. A follow up CT is recommended in 3-6 months to prove stability/resolution. If still present at that time, annual follow up is suggested as this may be a very indolent lung cancer.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
1.	First post total right hip arthroplasty.2.	No evident pelvic fracture.3.	No evident hematoma.
Postsurgical narrowing of the midportion of the stomach measuring up to 5 mm.
Chest tubes unchanged
Interval enlargement of loculated right pleural fluid collection. Reference prevascular lymph node and a nonindex subaortic lymph node are slightly larger. 
No evidence of stress fracture or stress reaction.
Sacral and iliac metastases. These were not well visualized on the prior CT (6/4/2014) but were present on 10/1/2014 PET/CT.
The pituitary gland enhances somewhat heterogeneously, with an apparent relatively hypoenhancing area in the inferior left lobe, which may represent a microadenoma. 
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Left humeral tuberosity fracture with additional small chip fracture of the inferior glenoid
No significant change in lung disease consistent with connective tissue disease related interstitial lung disease.
1.	Hypoattenuating area in segment two of the liver consistent with focal fat.2.	Hyperenhancement of the wall of the ureter raises the possibility of urinary tract infection.3.	No evidence of diverticulitis or appendicitis.
1.	No evidence of metastatic disease to brain, leptomeninges or the calvarium.2.	Small vessel ischemic strokes of indeterminate age as detailed.
Changes secondary to esophagectomy. No CT evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.Infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysm.MRI of the pancreas is recommended for further evaluation of the pancreatic tail to differentiate between fatty sparing versus focal mass in the pancreatic tail.
1. Free flowing small left pleural effusion.2.  Large pericardial effusion.3.  Other findings as described above.
Anterior superior labral tear as described above.
1. A large heterogeneous ventral abdominal wall mass is present highly suspicious for malignancy, differential considerations include sarcoma or a desmoid tumor. A portion of the duodenum appears underdistended likely due to compression from the mass. This lesion is amenable to percutaneous biopsy.2. A right lower lobe lung nodule measuring 0.8 cm is present. Pulmonary metastasis cannot be excluded.3. Heterogeneous sclerosis is seen within the femoral heads which may be related to avascular necrosis.
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.
No specific evidence to suggest an acute infection or edema superimposed upon previously identified questionable mild nodular changes. Follow-up CT evaluation is suggested for further characterization given the neutropenic history and absence of of similar findings in mid January.Misha in the ER called
Pulmonary nodules suspicious of metastatic disease.
Interval decrease in size of the known left breast cancer.BIRADS: 6 - Known cancer.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
1.No imaging evidence of cervical malignancy.2.Borderline findings of uterine adenomyomatosis.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, right unilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
1.No anterior superior mediastinal mass to suggest thymoma.2.Enlarged and heterogeneous right thyroid gland. 3.Mild emphysema. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. 4.Additional findings as above.
Probable COPD but no acute abnormalities.
Status post right pleurectomy with large right hydropneumothorax and persistent air collection between the right seventh rib fracture fragments and pleural space.  Mild increased right interlobar lymphadenopathy and right chest wall soft tissue could be related to recent procedure but should continue to be monitored.  Minimal residual tumor in the right cardiophrenic and costophrenic recess.
1. Postsurgical changes in the lumbar spine at L4-L5 without findings to suggest recurrent disc herniation or residual stenosis at this level. 2. There appears to be mild congenital narrowing of the lumbar spine with superimposed degenerative changes with mild to moderate spinal canal stenosis at L2-L3 (with disc extrusion) and at L3-L4. Minimal to mild multilevel neural foraminal narrowing. No high-grade spinal canal or high-grade neural foraminal stenosis is appreciated at any level.
Right thoracolumbar curve of 52 degrees.
Scoliosis with measurements as described above.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
No findings to suggest pulmonary bulla is here to see limitations described above.
No significant interval change in multiple reference lesions in the chest and abdomen, with no new sites of disease.
No acute fracture is evident.
1. Left knee medial unicompartmental arthroplasty without evidence of hardware complication.2. Patchy sclerosis in the right femoral condyles, right medial tibial plateau, and left lateral femoral condyle may be reactive sclerosis related to osteoarthritis or possibly may be due to osteonecrosis. 
1.	Findings consistent with pancolitis, likely of infectious etiology (e.g. pseudomembranous colitis).  Inflammatory colitides might also give this appearance. Nonspecific free abdominal  and pelvic fluid which are likely reactive to this process.2.	Postsurgical changes with Billroth II partial gastrectomy.
Interstitial lung disease, the pattern consistent with UIP although the basilar predominance is not strong.
Enteric tube tip projects over the proximal gastric body with the sidehole projected over the gastroesophageal junction. Recommend advancing tube 3 to 5 cm.
No evidence of perianal disease. Please see the separately dictated report of the recent MR enterography for evaluation of the small bowel.
1. Diffuse loss of gray-white differentiation, near-complete sulcal effacement, and partial effacement of the basal cisterns is consistent with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy and associated cerebral edema.2. Additional areas of hypoattenuation primarily of the bilateral posterior parietal and occipital lobes raises the possibility of superimposed focal ischemia on background of hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy.3. Subcentimeter area of hyperattenuation in the left occipital pole is consistent with parenchymal hemorrhage perhaps relating to suspected superimposed infarcts.
Interval improvement with decrease in left paramediastinal mass and mediastinal adenopathy.    
No evidence of metastases.  Changes consistent with Crohn's disease in the neoterminal ileum are grossly stable.
No fracture or dislocation.
Treatment related findings with no evidence of recurrent primary tumor or pathologic adenopathy.
No significant abnormalities. 
Interval intubation with ET tube tip below the thoracic inlet and above the carina. Stable patchy opacities in the right lower and left lower lobes with increased patchy opacity in the right apex.
No acute intracranial abnormality. 
Stable multiple ground glass opacities and pulmonary nodules, many of which are ossified.  The findings are most likely a combination of infection/inflammation and metastatic disease.
Stable para-aortic retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy. 
Patchy opacities in the right lung and lingula minimally improved.
Hallux valgus deformity, right greater than left, without fracture.
No signs of pneumonia. Although no acute abnormalities are appreciated, neurofibromatosis can be associated with interstitial lung disease which may not be visible by plain film technique. Given repeated episodes of respiratory decompensation, consider a baseline ILD protocol thoracic CT when feasible.
1.Coarse, echogenic liver parenchyma which may be seen in setting of hepatic steatosis/parenchymal dysfunction. 2.The left hepatic lobe contains what appears to be a 1.1 cm mildly complex cyst, may be confirmed with contrast enhanced CT or MRI if clinically warranted.
Mild decreased lung volumes without superimposed acute abnormality
Soft tissue injury with gas in the soft tissues. No radiopaque foreign body, acute fracture or dislocation.
1.	New 7 mm nodule in the left lower lobe, which is nonspecific though follow-up in 6-12 months if low risk or 3-6 months if high risk.2.	Left lower lobe calcified nodules, consistent with prior granulomatous disease.
1.	Prior displaced left frontal bone fracture is seen and unchanged.2.	Focus of extra axial collection underlying the left frontal bone fracture has resolved.3.	No acute intracranial abnormality.4.	Prior diffuse axonal injury and left superior orbital fracture is not visualized on a non contrast CT study.
No evidence for ventriculomegaly, acute intracranial hemorrhage, mass effect or edema.  Noncontrast CT of the head is within normal limits
1. ET tube in acceptable position.2. Increasing bibasilar atelectasis and stable small pleural effusions.
1. Postsurgical changes related to anterior cervical fusion at C4-C5.2. Bilateral cord signal abnormality and volume loss consistent with myomalacia at the upper C5 level, which may be related to prior stenosis and can be compare with prior studies if available.3. Mild to moderate spinal canal stenosis at the C3-C4 level above the fusion. Otherwise no significant spinal canal stenosis is seen in the cervical spine. Neural foraminal stenoses as detailed above. 
1.Enteric tube terminates in the region of the gastric body.2.Ileus
Peribronchial thickening, with no focal lung opacities. Hyper-reactive airway disease versus viral infection are considerations.
Interval enlargement of hepatic lesions.  Interval enlargement of pulmonary micro-nodule (now measuring 3 mm) which may represent an early metastasis; this should be followed.
Basilar atelectasis and small effusions, but no pneumothorax.
Questionable mild cardiomegaly, however see details and described limitations provided
Left total hip arthroplasty in anatomic alignment.
Limited study, as above. No substantial change in bibasilar pleural-parenchymal opacities.
Persistent left lower lobe consolidation and pleural effusion.
No significant pneumothorax.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1.	No hydronephrosis or renal stones.2.	No findings to account for the patient's hematuria.
Surgical fixation of the spine with additional findings as described above.
Mild soft tissue swelling and small tibiotalar joint effusion without fracture evident.
Minute chronic sinus disease and unremarkable exam otherwise.
Again seen are evolving postoperative changes related to resection of left pontine cavernoma with blood products noted within the left pons as well as in the left posterior temporal lobe with surrounding edema and local mass effect. No new mass effect, hydrocephalus, or herniation. MRI can better assess for residual pontine lesion. 
1.	Decrease in size of two out of three hepatic abscesses.  The superior segment 7 abscess is not significantly changed and does not have a catheter within it.2.	No change in the pancreatic head mass.
Small perirectal lymph nodes, with no evidence of distant metastatic disease.
Persistent left pleural effusion and left lower lobe consolidation.
Markedly decreased lung volumes with basilar atelectasis. Free peritoneal air compatible with recent surgery.
Osteoarthritis of both knees, which has progressed slightly when compared to the prior study. Small joint effusions.
No acute fracture or dislocation. Moderate degenerative arthritic changes as above.
Small posterior disc-osteophyte complexes at T7-8 and T8-9, without no significant spinal canal stenosis.
Incomplete but high-grade mechanical small bowel obstruction with associated ascites and diffuse submucosal edema involving jejunum.  Other findings as above.
Multifocal nodular opacities within the lungs suggestive of aspiration or pneumonia. 
Large spiculated left upper lobe mass with satellite nodules concerning for lung cancer primary.Right-sided aortic arch. Atherosclerotic disease. Hepatic cyst.Findings discussed with Dr. Luke Laffin, pager 8957.
1. Interval decrease in size of reference hepatic metastases as above.  2. Other sites of disease are unchanged with reference measurements as above.  No new sites of disease are identified.
1.  Stable post surgical, post therapeutic changes without evidence of residual disease.2.  No evidence of intracranial metastatic disease.
Degenerative disc disease without fracture.
1.Postoperative changes of distal pancreatectomy and splenectomy are seen. Along and distal to the suture material within the distal pancreas, there is a loculated fluid collection measuring up to 6.0 x 4.7 with mild surrounding fat stranding. 2.There is no evidence of new disease related to the patient's primary diagnosis of prostate cancer. 3.Osseous lesions within the L5 vertebral body and iliac wings appear stable. Please refer to the same day nuclear medicine bone scan which is a more accurate indicator of skeletal metastatic disease activity.
Normal examination.
1.	Indeterminate exophytic right inferior pole renal lesion demonstrates mild enhancement and may represent a small renal mass.  If clinically warranted, a dedicated renal CT or MRI may be performed for further characterization.2.	Scattered peripheral pulmonary nodules.
1.  Asymmetric cortical volume loss involving the left cerebral hemisphere.  Findings probably represent remote ischemia.2.  Focal low attenuation in right anterior limb internal capsule/caudate head.  The findings are consistent with a small infarct of indeterminate age.  If clinically concerned for acute ischemia recommend MRI examination as clinically indicated.
1.  Bilateral pleural effusions and basilar atelectasis.  2.  Percutaneous gastrostomy tube with expected appearance.  3.  Foley catheter in expected position heart with distended bladder most likely due to clamped Foley catheter.  4.  No evidence of recurrent tumor.
1. A partly imaged large mass in the left paraspinal region with a bag of worms appearance, which extends from the L1 level to the sacrococcygeal region likely represents a plexiform neurofibroma, although assessment is limited by the lack of contrast. The tumor protrudes into the left L1-2 through S2-3 neural foramina, but does not enter the spinal canal. Please refer to the separate pelvis MRI report for additional details.2. An infiltrative mass in the posterior lower back subcutaneous tissues that measures up to approximately 11.5 cm may represent a superficial neurofibroma combined with features of a plexiform neurofibroma.3. Multilevel posterior vertebral scalloping related to neurofibromatosis 1.
Pancreatic head mass consistent with patient's known history of pancreatic cancer.  Multiple peripherally enhancing lesions in the liver which more likely represent small abscesses and/or metastatic disease.Bilateral renal stones.Possible peritoneal carcinomatosis.
1.No imaging evidence of C1 subluxation is demonstrated.2.No other specific findings are seen to account for the patient's symptoms.
No post-traumatic acute intracranial abnormality.
Enteric tube tip at the gastric cardia. Persistent ileus pattern.
Pleural effusions and atelectasis with no acute change.
1.	No evidence of small or large bowel obstruction.2.	Redemonstration of a large right pleural effusion and moderate left pleural effusion.3.	Moderate amount of abdominal and pelvic ascites.4.	Redemonstration of nonspecific, hypodense hepatic lesion. 
No acute abnormalities. Degenerative arthritis in the lumbar spine 
No acute intracranial abnormality.Mild global parenchymal volume loss and mild chronic small vessel ischemic disease, unchanged.
Fracture of the distal phalanx of the right ring finger appearing similar to prior, as detailed above.
Status post hardware and cast removal as described.
Technically suboptimal study due to poor timing and bolus administration.  Intraluminal enhancement of the iliac vein stent and lack of filling defects are consistent with patency.
1.There is mild displacement of the thoracic spinal cord anteriorly raising the question of a possible adhesion to the dura and herniation.2.Findings suggest a 6-7mm right vertebral artery aneurysm. A CT angiogram may help further evaluate this.3.A 2 mm lesion within the right hemicord at the C6 level is present. There is nonspecific and may relate to prior injury.
1.Obstructed left fallopian tube and no spillage on either side.2.Normal uterine cavity.
Successful ultrasound-guided core biopsy of the left breast lesion and clip placement. Pathology is pending at this time.BIRADS: 4 - Suspicious Abnormality.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
Normal examination.
Irregular right lung base masslike nodular density is concerning for primary lung malignancy. CT chest is recommended for further evaluation.
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.
Slight interval increase in basilar predominant interstitial abnormalities, traction bronchiectasis and honeycombing most consistent with a UIP/IPF.  No evidence to suggest acute infection.
1.No distinct evidence of bone metastases.2.Lesion in the right frontal cranial fossa atypical for metastasis and likely benign (such as meningioma).
1.No acute intracranial abnormality.2.Paranasal sinus mucosal inflammation is seen.3.No acute cervical spine injury.
1. Stable postoperative changes of cystectomy and neobladder reconstruction.2. Stable postoperative changes of right nephrectomy.3. No evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease in the abdomen or pelvis, allowing for lack of intravenous contrast.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality. Please note that CT is insensitive to early detection of CVA. 2. Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age. 
No acute fracture or dislocation.
1. No evidence of pulmonary embolism.2. New bilateral perihilar groundglass and patchy opacities, likely representing atypical infection or resolving edema. Hemorrhage and drug reaction are less likely considerations.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. 
1.	No CT evidence of acute intracranial abnormality.  Age indeterminate small vessel ischemic disease.2.	No fracture, dislocation or other posttraumatic deformity of the cervical spine.  
Secretions in the left nasal cavity cleared. Otherwise stable appearing sinus disease.
IABP marker just caudal to aortic arch. 
Anterior sideplate in C7 and T2 in anatomic alignment. 
1.  Interval decrease in size of perihepatic/pericaval adenopathy.2.  Slight interval decrease in bilateral nonspecific pulmonary micronodules.
Ultrasound guidance provided for percutaneous suprapubic tube placement.
No visible pulmonary nodules.
Fracture dislocation at the fourth PIP joint as described above.
No evidence of enlarged lymph nodes in the chest abdomen and pelvis.Subcentimeter hypodense lesion arising from the lower pole of the left kidney, unchanged from previous study.
1.  New and enlarging pulmonary, pleural nodules and left pleural effusion consistent with metastatic disease.  2.  Nonspecific scattered patchy air space opacities are seen throughout the lungs.  While some of these opacities may represent metastatic disease, infection and/or aspiration may also have this appearance.  Correlate with patient symptoms.  3.  Stable hepatic lesions as described above.  4.  Nonspecific lesions in the iliac wings as described above.  Correlation with bone scan is recommended as these may represent metastatic foci.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality. No MR evidence of HLH.2. Nonspecific prominence of ventricles and anterior subarachnoid spaces likely relating to benign enlargement of subarachnoid spaces of infancy which should resolve by 2 years of age. Follow-up imaging may be obtained as clinically indicated.3. Nonspecific left much greater than right mastoid air cell as well as left middle ear fluid opacification. Please correlate clinically.
1.  No central pulmonary embolus on limited examination.  2.  Diffuse ground glass opacity probably due to a phase of respiration or underlying small airways disease.
Large heterogeneous mass in the proximal right medial thigh. The differential for this appearance is broad, including non-neoplastic and neoplastic processes. Non-neoplastic etiologies include hematoma or infection. Neoplastic etiologies should also be considered, however, the appearance of this lesion is nonspecific on noncontrast CT and further evaluation with MR is recommended.
Negative right upper quadrant abdominal ultrasound. No evidence for acute hepatobiliary abnormality. No ascites.
Stable small nodules and no sign of metastatic disease.
No evidence of obstruction. NJ tube tip projects over the expected distribution of the proximal jejunum, distal to the ligament of Treitz. Please refer to same day CT chest, abdomen, and pelvis for further characterization.
Comminuted, mildly displaced fracture of the left superior pubic ramus.
1.	Enhancing Predominantly right-sided lymphadenopathy  probably represents an infectious or inflammatory process suggesting an underlying lymphadenitis.2.	Small hypodense focus within the adenoidal tissues may reflect a small phlegmon versus entrapped fluid.3.	Anterior positioning of the temporomandibular joints bilaterally.  The findings may reflect jaw positioning.  Correlate clinically.  If clinically concerned consider dedicated images of the TMJ's as clinically indicated.
Soft tissue masses in the left upper and lower lobe, which have increased in size since September 2009.  Pleural based lesion in right middle lobe has increased in size since December 2009, while the rest of the lesions have not changed appreciably.These findings are compatible with progression of relapsed Wilms tumor.
1. Right frontal lobar ICH with extension into the right lateral ventricle, no change since prior exam.2. Normal head CTA.Comment: considering the patient age and the lobar pattern of the ICH, diagnostic cerebral catheter angiography need to be considered for further evaluation.
Normal time average mean velocities of intracranial blood vessels as described above (<180 cm/sec).
Interval increase in the size and number of liver hypodense lesion suspicious for metastatic disease.Paratracheal mass and recurrent locally invasive soft tissue mass in the retroperitoneum are slightly smaller compared to previous study.Interval progression of previously described portal vein thrombus. Left portal vein is now completely thrombosed. Nonocclusive thrombus in the main portal vein and soft tissue of intrahepatic portal vein branches are again noted. Pneumobilia and dilated intra and extra hepatic biliary ducts, persists.INDEX LESION MEASUREMENTS (Current exam date/time: 12/18/2016 11:26:00)PARATRACHEAL MASS: 2.2 x 2.6 cm (Image 22, Series 601); 2.4 x 3.0 cm on prior (10/17/2016) (Image 29, Series 601).PANCREATECTOMY BED MASS: 3.5 x 2.4 cm (Image 79, Series 601); 4.2 x 2.4 cm on prior (10/17/2016) (Image 107, Series 601).LIVER LESION: 1.8 x 1.6 cm (Image 68, Series 601); on prior (10/17/2016) (Image 46, Series 501); 0.9 x 1.0 cm on prior (10/17/2016) (Image 94, Series 601).
Stable previously described hilar and mediastinal lymph nodes without additional new sites of disease identified.
1.	Stable right upper lobe micronodule, likely benign2.	Unchanged prevascular and axillary lymphadenopathy of unknown etiologyI personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Postoperative changes of right below knee amputation without radiographic evidence of osteomyelitis
Interval increase in the size of bilateral subdural hematomas.
Stable postsurgical changes of the left breast. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
Progressive parenchymal sarcoidosis, particularly within the left lower lobe.  Superimposed infection cannot be entirely excluded.
Type 1 endoleak at the proximal attachment of the EVAR. 
1.4 cm linear non-mass enhancement identified in the right breast. MR-guided biopsy with clip placement is recommended for further evaluation. All results and recommendations were discussed with Dr. Romero on 3/17/2016.BIRADS: 4 - Suspicious Abnormality.RECOMMENDATION: H - Percutaneous Biopsy/Aspiration. 
Postsurgical changes of a right total knee arthroplasty.
1. Moderate gaseous gastric distention may relate to recent NG tube placement. Otherwise minimal bowel gas in a nonobstructive pattern.2. Centralization of the abdominal bowel gas raises the possibility of ascites.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Interval intubation, with low lung volumes.
Minimal interval increase in the peritoneal carcinomatosis. Otherwise no significant change from previous study.
Interval improvement in bibasilar airspace opacities.
Normal CT of orbits.
1.Generalized ileus. Correlate to rule out enteritis given history.2.Greater than average stool burden.3.Small volume ascites.4.Bilateral pleural effusions and bibasilar atelectasis or consolidation.5.Anasarca.
Ileus pattern with above average stool burden.
Possible trace left pleural effusion. No radiographic findings to suggest pneumonia.
Antibiotic spacer as described unchanged
Unchanged chronic right maxillary sinusitis. Likely right maxillary fibrous dysplasia. 
1.  Mixed response of the multi-lobar presumed opportunistic infection, with decreased consolidation in the left lower lobe, but new patchy opacities in the right upper lobe.2.  Interval increase in right pleural effusion.3.  Stable to minimal improvement in findings compatible with pulmonary edema.
Upper lobe fibrosis and cyst formation consistent with known sarcoidosis without acute abnormality.
1.	Stable post therapy change in the neck without evidence of a recurrent mass or enlarged cervical nodes.2.	No evidence of intracranial metastatic disease.3.	Biapical pulmonary scarring is noted, please refer to dedicated CT chest performed on the same day for additional details.
Normal examination of the head and neck.
Increasing marked elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with hydropneumothorax.
Postoperative findings related to recent lumbar spine epidural hematoma drainage, without discernible evidence of residual hematoma. However, MRI may be more sensitive for the detection of a small amount of residual hematoma, if necessary.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.No evidence of acute pulmonary embolus.2.Moderate to severe apical predominant centrilobular emphysema. No focal consolidation or suspicious pulmonary nodule or mass.3.Incompletely imaged/evaluated cystic lesion in the head of the pancreas. MRCP is recommended for further characterization.4.Additional hypoattenuating lesions in the pancreas likely represent intrapancreatic lipomas.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Negative.Chronicity: Not applicable.Multiplicity: Not applicable.Most Proximal: Not applicable.RV Strain: Not applicable. Findings discussed with the emergency medicine physician, Dr. Archit Gulati, on 09/01/15 at 16:20
New moderate left pneumothorax. Findings discussed with S. Holsti at the time of report.
No evidence of acute or chronic sinus disease.  Please see above comments.
Mild mosaic attenuation with evidence of air trapping may represent obstructive airways disease or hypersensitivity pneumonitis among other etiologies. No other evidence of ILD.
1.	Dense material extending from the anterior wall of the stomach along the mesentery to the right lower quadrant ostomy.  This likely represents extravasated barium of unknown age.  Given that there is no associated fluid this is may be chronic.2.	Wall thickening and hyper enhancement of the rectal stump, suspicious for active involvement.3.	Probable left perianal fistula from the 3 o'clock  position of the rectum.
New left chest wall soft tissue emphysema, and new right jugular catheter following intubation.
Mild leftward curvature of the thoracic spine.
No significant abnormalities. 
Bilateral punctate calcifications with microlobulated mass in the left retroareolar breast with associated calcification. Submission of old mammogram from outside institution is recommended in order to confirm stability of these findings.BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: OB - OLD FILM FOR COMPARISON
No acute intracranial abnormality.Chronic blowout fracture of the left lamina papyracea.  
No findings to account for patient's symptoms.
Infiltrative, ill-defined masslike soft tissue extending from the level of the anterolateral ankle soft tissues, proximally to the level of the tibial plateau.  No associated periosteal reaction or cortical destruction to suggest bony involvement.  Superimposed diffuse right lower extremity edema.
Increase in pleural effusions with probable basilar atelectasis.
Bibasilar opacities consistent with atelectasis, aspiration, or pneumonia.
Redemonstration of postoperative findings with no evidence of recurrent primary tumor or pathologic adenopathy.
ET tube in acceptable position. 
Stable appearance of findings of multifocal edema as well as the left upper lobe opacity.
Multifocal streaky opacities as described.
1. Status post distal pancreatectomy and splenectomy with a loculated air and fluid collection measuring 7.2 x 4.5 cm drained by a left upper quadrant catheter. There is an adjacent 1.2 x 5.9 cm loculated fluid collection laterally.2. Loculated left pleural fluid collection with peripheral enhancement containing fluid and gas. Findings suggestive of an empyema. Measurements listed above.3. Patchy areas of groundglass opacities and subsegmental atelectasis, nonspecific. Small right pleural effusion. Atelectasis/consolidation of the left lung base.Findings were discussed with the clinical service (pager 2158) on 12/14/2016 at 10:30 AM.
No specific CT findings to explain patient's pain
Postop CHF/hypervolemia.
1. Probable  fluid collection between the gastrocnemius and soleus musculature.2. Baker's cyst.
1.Stable demyelinating lesions with minimal T1 and mild T2 plaque burden. No evidence of plaque enhancement or new lesions.2.Chronic demyelinating plaque within the cervical cord at C3-4 without evidence of enhancement.
Bronchial wall thickening suggestive of asthma or chronic bronchitis, or nonspecific infection.
Increasing size of previously noted liver lesion and several new punctate liver lesions as described are suspicious for metastatic disease. Stable postsurgical changes of the resection bed.
Soft tissue swelling without evidence of acute fracture or malalignment.
Chronic interstitial lung disease consistent with the known history of scleroderma.  No evidence of superimposed infection or other abnormality.
No soft tissue mass lesion is identified. Of note, palpable lipoma can be difficult to be recognized when surrounded by subcutaneous fat. 
1.  Resolving postoperative changes.  No new hemorrhage or acute findings.2.  Inflammatory sinus disease.
Bilateral breast cysts, including a 3 cm right breast cyst corresponding to the palpable abnormality. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
1.	No CT evidence of distant metastases.2.	Postsurgical/postradiation changes of the pelvis.  Enhancing focus along the right external sphincter for which tumor cannot be excluded.  If clinically indicated, MR pelvis may be of benefit.  3.	Hypoattenuating thyroid lesions.  Thyroid ultrasound may be of benefit if clinically warranted.4.	Small pericardial effusion.
1.	There is no evidence of acute or chronic sinusitis radiologically. 2.	There is mucosal thickening of the anterior and posterior ethmoid air cells, and the nasal cavity which is non-specific and may represent prominence of the nasal mucosal cycle. 
1. Multifocal bihemispheric white matter patchy low attenuation lesions as described above. 2. No evidence of acute hemorrhagic lesion.3. Brain MRI can be considered for further imaging evaluation. 
No cardiomegaly or acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Increasing right upper lobe opacity probably tumor progression, but no enlargement in pleural effusions or other new findings.
Conventional renal artery and venous anatomy. No renal stones or masses.
Stable exam. There is no evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.
1.Degenerative disc disease, facet joint osteoarthritis and neuroforaminal narrowing of the cervical spine as above.2.Orthopedic fusion of the lower lumbar spine and other findings as above.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1. No specific abnormality to account for the patient's symptoms.2. Hypoattenuating lesion with peripheral nodular enhancement within segment 8 of the liver most compatible with benign hemangioma.3. Stable punctate nonobstructing renal stones.
ET tube tip in right main bronchus up slightly repositioned, with retrocardiac atelectasis developing.
Persistent multifocal pulmonary opacities, unchanged.
Ankle swelling without acute fracture or malalignment in the ankle or foot. Small metallic density overlying the great toe is likely artifactual/external to the patient as above.
1.	No evidence of any acute new finding since prior study.2.	Stable mixed density left frontal and parietal subdural in size, density and extends.3.	Stable size of ventricular system and without evidence for midline shift.4.	Focus of encephalomalacia of left frontal operculum and unremarkable density and morphology of brain parenchyma.
Findings consistent with known lung cancer with metastases to the lungs, bones, liver, and spleen.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
Post operative changes in the maxillary sinuses with no acute abnormalities.
Mesenteric and retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy.  Pericecal fat stranding and questionable thickening of the terminal ileum suggest possible colitis and terminal ileitis.  See above.
Nonspecific well-defined cystic lesion in the right lower quadrant medial to the cecum.  The etiology is unknown this may represent a mesenteric cyst.  Follow up in 6 must be helpful.Small fat-containing umbilical hernia.
Nonspecific bronchial wall thickening.
1.  Stable bilateral subdural hematomas.2.  Stable ventricular volume.
1.	Moderate narrowing of the left M1 segment2.	High-grade stenosis of the left P1 segment3.	Redemonstration of the left posterior territory infarct.
Degenerative disc disease of the cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spine with measurements detailed above.
1.  No evidence for metastatic disease.  2.  Stable approximately 1 cm hypodensity in mid body of pancreas.  3.  No change right common iliac artery aneurysm.  4.  No significant change in right pelvic presumed lymphocele.
No MRI evidence for malignancy. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Routine Screening Mammogram.
Bronchiolitis/hyperreactive airway disease pattern with superimposed focal opacity of the posterior segment of the right upper lobe.
1. No acute intracranial abnormality.2. No flow-limiting stenosis, occlusion, or aneurysm in the major cerebral arteries.
Decrease in distention of small bowel loops in the pelvis -- there still remains mildly distended proximal small bowel loops in the upper abdomen, lateral to the descending colon, suggesting partial small bowel obstruction.  No evidence of other pelvic abnormality.  See CT abdomen Impression for discussion of abdominal abnormalities.
Increased hepatic parenchymal echogenicity, likely reflecting underlying hepatic steatosis/parenchymal dysfunction.Patent hepatic vasculature.Status post cholecystectomy.Spleen not visualized, may be secondary to overlying bowel gas.
No acute intracranial process.
1.	No convincing evidence of any new or increased hemorrhage since prior study.2.	Stable large dissecting right hemispheric hemorrhagic stroke since prior exam.3.	Stable intraventricular and subarachnoid hemorrhage since prior study.4.	Stable normal size of ventricular system patent with maintained midline.
1. Medially located lower pole left renal mass demonstrating enhancement; a malignancy is strongly suggested.  No evidence for regional adenopathy or extension beyond Gerota's fascia.2. Questionable minimal enhancement of cystic focus arising from the lower pole of left kidney; cannot exclude a neoplastic process, such as a papillary carcinoma.2.  Benign left adrenal adenoma.3.  Nonobstructing right nephrolithiasis.4.  Benign liver hemangioma.
Chronic opacity at the right lung base without significant interval change and no other specific evidence of pneumonia. 
Successful administration of Y-90 Theraspheres for selective internal radiation therapy of hepatic liver mass.
Nonspecific, basilar predominant interstitial opacities are present likely representing mild edema, but atypical infections and noncardiac causes of edema should be considered.
Large lung volumes. Airway hyperreactivity/bronchiolitis pattern.
Diffuse osseous metastatic disease which appears slightly progressed compared to CT abdomen/pelvis dated 2/16/2015. Notably, there is an enlarging lesion involving the L2 spinous process with new linear lucency violating the cortical surface most compatible with pathologic fracture. Multiple vertebral bodies demonstrate subtle areas of linear lucency compatible with fragmentation/early pathologic fractures. No significant loss of lumbar vertebral body heights however. Please note MRI can better assess for epidural tumor.
1.A focus of enhancement in the right posterior temporal surgical cavity wall (anterior- inferior) concerning for residual or recurrence tumor, measuring 6 x 4.5 mm with significant interval increase since prior study.2.Postoperative changes of tumor removal in the right posterior temporal with stable thin however irregular band of enhancement along the posterior surgical cavity wall which could represent postsurgical change or residual tumor. Further follow-up is needed for further assessment.
"1. No perfusion defects/ ""ischemia"" present during hyperemia. 2. No prior myocardial infarction. The entire myocardium is viable.3. Normal LV size and systolic function (LVEF 71%).4. Normal RV size and systolic function (RVEF 58%)."
Cardiomegaly but no significant edema.
Findings compatible with pulmonary edema with large left pleural effusion with bibasilar atelectasis.
Unremarkable paranasal sinuses CT examination.
No evidence of radiopaque foreign bodies or fracture.
Partial small bowel obstruction without a definite transition point, may be due to adhesions. No free air. No volvulus or malrotation. Findings were discussed with the clinical service. 
Placement of the umbilical lines as described above.
Interval resolution of previously noted grade 2 right pelvicaliceal dilatation. Absence of the left kidney*SFU grading system: Grade 0: No hydronephrosis. Grade 1: The renal pelvis is visualized. Grade 2: A few but not all of the calices are identified in addition to the renal pelvis. Grade 3: Virtually all the calices are seen. Grade 4: Grade 3 and parenchymal thinning. **SFU grading system retrovesical ureter: Grade 0: No ureteral dilatation. Grade 1: Ureter less than 7 mm. Grade 2: Ureter is 7-10 mm. Grade 3: Ureter is over 10 mm. Fernbach SK, Maizels M, Conway JJ. Ultrasound Grading of Hydronephrosis: Introduction to the System used by the Society for Fetal Urology. Pediatric Radiology (1993) 23: 478-480.***Rosenbaum DM, Korngold E, Teele RL. Sonographic Assessment of Renal Length in Normal Children. AJR Am J. Roentgenol (1984) 142:467-469
No significant abnormality. No pleural effusion or other significant abnormality.
1. Interval resolution of opacification of the sphenoid and posterior ethmoid sinuses with minimal mucosal thickening in the left chamber of the sinus. No evidence of infection. However, noncontrast CT is insensitive to detection of infection. 2. Status post transsphenoidal tumor resection. Unchanged prominence of the pituitary gland.3. Status post suboccipital decompression surgery for Chiari malformation.  
Cardiomegaly with mild basilar edema consistent with CHF.
Multiple supratentorial and infratentorial lesions consistent with chronic demyelinating disease. Compared to 6/14/2013, there is a new lesion involving the right middle cerebellar peduncle. Otherwise no additional new lesions are appreciated. No lesions with enhancement to suggest active demyelination.
Multiple small cervical lymph nodes, none pathologic by size.
Severe osteoarthritis without rotator cuff tear.
Multi level mixed severe to more mild degenerative changes, see detail above.
1.	No evidence for acute intracranial hemorrhage mass effect or edema.2.	Small focus of encephalomalacia in left frontal periventricular white matter.3.	CT is insensitive for the early detection of nonhemorrhagic CVA.
1. Tear of the posterior horn of the medial meniscus.2. Severe tricompartmental articular cartilage loss/osteoarthritis most notably within the medial compartment.3. Myxomatous degeneration of the ACL which is otherwise intact.4. Moderate joint effusion with probable mild synovitis.
1.  No radiographic evidence of fracture, intracranial hemorrhage, or other acute pathology. 2. Atherosclerotic disease and aging-related white-matter changes. 
1.Mild interval decrease in size of right pleural effusion without pneumothorax. 2.Increasing left and stable right basilar airspace and interstitial opacities compatible with bibasilar pneumonia.
1.	Moderate small vessel ischemic strokes of indeterminate age. 2.	No acute intracranial findings3.	CT is insensitive for early detection of acute ischemic strokes.  .
Persistent loculated right hydropneumothorax and decrease in the size of an air-filled tract adjacent to the superior anastomosis.   
Unremarkable noncontrast brain CT.
1.	No active intracranial process.2.	Mild chronic left maxillary sinus disease.
1.Hypermetabolic right abdominal mass with central decreased activity is consistent with large tumor with central necrosis.2.Hypermetabolic soft tissue in the posterior mediastinum, near the GE junction, likely represents tumor. Mildly hypermetabolic soft tissue in the right upper quadrant at the surgical clips may represent tumor or inflammatory change.
Endotracheal tube tip 5 cm above the carina. No acute cardiopulmonary pathology within the limitations described above.
1.Scattered right pulmonary and pleural nodules are stable to slightly increased in size, though not a significant change.2.Segment 7 hepatic lesion, unchanged from prior.
Marked interval improvement in the airspace opacities previously identified.
Left upper lobe atelectasis and left basilar subsegmental atelectasis may be related to aspirated secretions/blood. CT of the chest with IV contrast is recommended for better evaluation.
Nonspecific small soft tissue density with central hypoattenuation within the umbilicus. No intraperitoneal abnormalities.
New small to moderate right basilar pleural effusion.
Degenerative changes of the lumbar spine as described above worse at L4-L5 with a diffuse disc bulge causing at least moderate spinal stenosis. In addition, there is grade 1 anterolisthesis of L4 over L5 as well as posterior facet degenerative changes at this level.
No CT evidence of metastatic disease.
Mildly enlarged, heterogeneous thyroid gland with increased vascularity suggestive of thyroiditis. No suspicious discrete nodules identified.
No evidence of NEC.
Successful ultrasound-guided core biopsy of the right breast lesion (2 sites), and right axillary lymph node with clip placement. Pathology is pending at this time.BIRADS: 5 - Highly suggestive of malignancy.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
Right central venous catheter terminates at the conference right jugular vein and right subclavian vein. New patchy right upper lobe airspace opacities may represent aspiration or infection postsurgically.
1.	Small soft tissue densities with enhancement in the right thyroid bed as detailed above which are highly concerning for recurrence of disease.  Please correlate with additional dedicated studies of thyroid gland.2.	Cystic appearing lesion with no definitive enhancement in the right submandibular region as detailed above.  Please correlate with old studies and additional supportive dedicated studies of thyroid gland.
Left total knee arthroplasty.
1.Segment 6 enhancing lesion with washout in a cirrhotic liver, compatible with hepatocellular carcinoma.2.Cholelithiasis, without evidence of cholecystitis.
Unremarkable nonenhanced head CT for patient's stated age. Please see above comments.
Successful ultrasound guided core biopsy of an abnormal left axillary lymph node. Pathology is pending at this time.BIRADS: 4 - Suspicious Abnormality.RECOMMENDATION: T - Take Appropriate Action - No Letter.
Stable posttreatment changes of the right breast. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
1.No evidence of marrow signal abnormality or osseous mass, with previously questioned right T1 pedicle abnormality likely artifactual in etiology.2.Mild spondylotic changes along the mid to lower thoracic spine without significant stenosis at any level.
No evidence of metastatic disease.
1.Posterior labral tear as above.2.Subcoracoid intraarticular loose body.3.Paralabral cysts with no evidence of nerve impingement.4.Intact rotator cuff.
1.	No evidence of appendicitis.2.	Prominent right adnexa.  Pelvic ultrasound is recommended for further evaluation.3.	Multiple enlarged pelvic lymph nodes of unknown etiology.Findings discussed with the emergency department at the time of this report.
Mild osteoarthritis; I see no specific radiographic features of avascular necrosis. If further imaging evaluation is clinically warranted, MRI may be considered.
Persistent pneumomediastinum. Improving pulmonary opacities.
Support devices unchanged. Stable cardiopulmonary appearance.
1. More conspicuous left MCA ischemic stroke lesions as described above with progressed surrounding edema and mass effects.2. Subtle high attenuation within the left basal ganglia could represent hemorrhagic transformation.3. No new acute ischemic lesion is seen.
1. Mild cardiomegaly with a large pericardial effusion.2. Unchanged pleural effusions with overlying atelectasis likely the result of CHF/hypervolemia.3. Persistent left axillary lesion consistent with abscess unless the patient has lymphoma.
Limited exam, but no central pulmonary embolus or definite DVT is seen.  Innumerable pulmonary nodules are compatible with metastatic disease, though atypical infection should be considered.  Septal thickening suggests edema.  Right hydronephrosis is incompletely evaluated on this exam.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
1.	Very minimal chronic sinus disease of the sphenoid sinus, right and left maxillary sinuses.  Patent right ostiomeatal unit and compromised left ostiomeatal unit.2.	Nasal septum deviation to the left with no bony septal spur.3.	Mastoid air cells and middle air cavities are well pneumatized and unremarkable.
No evidence of malignancy.  Evidence of prior surgery consistent with history of Crohn's disease.  No evidence of active inflammatory bowel disease.
1.	Subarachnoid hemorrhage along posterior aspect of the cingulate gyrus 2.	Soft tissue swelling over the left occiput.Discussed with Abbo MD at 12:47 pm.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSC - Screening Mammogram.
Chronic interstitial disease compatible with UIP.    
Left periaortic soft tissue mass; differential diagnosis includes adenopathy versus primary retroperitoneal tumor. Without intravenous contrast, delineation and characterization is limited.
Moderate stool burden.
Normal
Progressive, right greater than left, airspace and interstitial opacities. Findings may represent a combination of infection with edema.
Echogenic kidneys compatible with medical renal disease without hydronephrosis.
Cervical and thoracic fixation devices in place as described above without radiographic evidence of hardware complication.
Subcentimeter lesions within the left cerebellar hemisphere likely represent metastases.
1.  Stable left hemithoracic superior sulcus tumor and reference nodule.2.  Stable left pleural effusion with consolidation.3.  No new sites of disease.  Please see dedicated neck CT report for further details.
Left lower extremity PICC tip in the intrahepatic IVC.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
New ICD lead in expected location with no visible complications.
Multifocal opacities with interval decreasing in diffuse lung haziness.
1.Interval surgical repair of the right superior orbital roof with posttraumatic findings including subcutaneous swelling and small foci of air as well as local pneumocephalus.2.There is evidence of expected evolution of the traumatic contusion within the orbitofrontal cortex, but no new ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion is seen.
Interval decrease in the size of the abdominal and pelvic adenopathy.  Mediastinal adenopathy is unchanged.  Axillary adenopathy is slightly increased in size.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography.
1.  No definitive evidence of metastatic disease.  2.  Resolved lower lobe opacities, likely due to aspiration.  3.  New very small groundglass nodule right upper lobe, likely post inflammatory, but continued follow-up is recommended.
No evidence of interstitial lung disease or other acute pulmonary abnormality. Severe coronary artery disease. Nonspecific nodules in the thyroid gland may be further evaluated by ultrasound or, if required, nuclear scintigraphy. Mild splenomegaly.
Basilar subsegmental atelectasis and opacities that may represent chronic aspiration.
Healing fractures, unchanged in alignment.
Minimal bilateral perihilar atelectasis not significantly change.
Nonobstructive bowel gas pattern with average stool burden. 
No acute intracranial abnormality.
Thoracic aortic aneurysm without evidence of dissection or leak.
1.3 mm left distal ureter stone causing mild left collecting system dilatation.
Postsurgical changes reflecting interval Lapidus procedure and correction of second hammertoe deformity. No evidence of loosening or hardware failure. No acute fractures or dislocations.
No evidence of acute intracranial process
Small right pleural effusion with associated consolidation compatible with pneumonia.Nonobstructing punctate right renal calculus.
1.  Chronic left frontal and maxillary sinusitis.
No evidence of acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion on this scan.
1.	Redemonstrated diffuse interstitial lung disease.  New opacity in the left lung base with air bronchograms is suspicious for pneumonia.  Other increased opacities may represent progression of interstitial disease versus foci of infection.2.	Findings consistent with partial small bowel obstruction.  Regions of focal thickening of small bowel the right lower quadrant may represent peristalsis, however given findings of small bowel wall thickening in the region on prior study of June 2010, an inflammatory/infectious etiology cannot be excluded.
Bilateral thyroid nodules as described above, unchanged as compared to the prior exam.
Nonspecific basilar opacities with low lung volumes, representing atelectasis or aspiration.
1.	The previously noted level 4 large node is no longer identified.2.	Small focus of increased soft tissue density in the left supraclavicular region immediately superior to the head of the left clavicle measuring approximately 16.7 x 19.3-mm in size it is suspected of residual tumor.  This lesion that was contiguous with the level 4 lymph node on prior exam  is measured approximately 26 x 21 mm in size on the prior exam.
Left lower lobe nodule noted.  Six to 12 month follow up is recommended.
Degenerative disc disease and facet joint osteoarthritis as described above. Superior endplate depression of L5 is likely chronic.
Left upper lobe rounded masslike opacity compatible with neoplasm or atypical infection. A CT scan is recommended for further evaluation.
No significant interval change.  No evidence of metastatic disease.
Interval retraction of the right upper extremity PICC.
1.Limited nondedicated examination showing severe atherosclerotic calcification of the abdominal aorta and its branches. See concurrent cardiac CT for arterial measurements.2.Dedicated diagnostic abdominal/pelvic CT can be obtained if clinically indicated.
Fracture of angle of mandible extending to the root of the third molar.
1.	Multiple new nodules in the right lung are nonspecific, but one of these in the right upper lobe is cavitating raising suspicion for new intrapulmonary metastases.  Differential diagnosis also includes endobronchial infection in the right lung.2.	No interval change in reference right apical mass and mediastinal/hilar lymphadenopathy.3.	No significant interval change in right adrenal nodule and right renal mass.  Differential diagnosis for right renal mass includes both primary renal malignancy and metastasis.4.	No new sites of disease in the abdomen.
Mild soft tissue swelling and small spurs of the medial malleolus without evidence of arthritic changes.
1. Pulmonary embolus as above.  Case discussed with clinical service at the time of examination2. Left upper lobe nodule, if the patient has a history of tobacco use a one year follow-up may be obtained to assess for stability.3.  No evidence of deep venous thrombosis from the level of the CFV to the popliteal on the left and the CFV to the superior aspect of the popliteal on the right, some of the popliteal region on the right is obscured due to artifact from the arthroplasty.
Left total knee arthroplasty in anatomic alignment.
1.No evidence of intracranial hemorrhage or mass effect. 2.Extensive age-indeterminate appearing small vessel ischemic changes. Chronic infarcts in the left occipital lobe, posterior parietal lobe and right cerebellar hemisphere. Please note CT is insensitive for the detection of acute non-hemorrhagic infarcts and MRI should be considered if there is continued clinical suspicion.3.Mild multilevel degenerative changes in the cervical spine without significant spinal canal narrowing, acute fracture, or malalignment.
1.	Findings consistent with aspiration in the right lung. 2.	Increased mediastinal adenopathy.3.	Postsurgical changes to the distal esophagus and right lung with new right pleural effusion, as well as postradiation scarring in bilateral medial lung bases.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
Orthopedic fixation of a healing proximal tibial fracture.
Postoperative changes status post recent biopsy of a hypodense lesion in the right centrum semiovale without evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage.  Minimal pneumocephalus is expected in the immediate postoperative period.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSA - Screening Mammogram.
Comminuted and minimally displaced fracture of the distal tuft with overlying soft tissue irregularity and swelling.
1.2 subcentimeter Bartholin's gland duct cysts as above. No urethral or bladder diverticulum.
1. Extensive neck masses diffusely to essentially all spaces with extension into the mediastinum, predominantly low in density corresponding to lobulated enhancing masses on prior MRI, where they are better delineated. These are consistent with patient's history of neurofibromatosis. Significant localized mass effect including severe narrowing of the airway, although a tracheostomy tube is identified caudal to this level.2. Associated osseous remodeling, including involvement of the mandible, manubrium, and ribs.3. Patent cervical vessels despite the significant mass effect, although with diminutive appearance of the majority of the right internal jugular vein due to the surrounding masses.
1. Compared to 3/10/2015, there is no evidence of tumor progression. No significant change in appearance of the left parietal resection cavity, cystic areas adjacent to the trigone of the left lateral ventricle, enhancement along the posterior medial margin of the resection cavity, as well as nodular focus of enhancement abutting the trigone of the left lateral ventricle.2. Nodular focus of extra-axial enhancement along the lateral aspect of the left anterior temporal convexity is more prominent than prior and may be be vascular in etiology, attention on follow-up suggested.
Postsurgical findings with no acute change.
Improvement in appearance of the chest with almost completely resolved upper lobe opacities.
1.Stable right paramediastinal mass and associated post radiation changes, although evaluation is limited without IV contrast.2.Scattered ill-defined nodular and groundglass opacities may be related to a aspiration or infection, however metastatic disease cannot be excluded. Continued observation is recommended.3.Increasing small right pleural effusion.4.Stable hypoattenuating pancreatic lesion which may represent an IPMN .
Fibroid uterus with prominent ovarian cysts/follicles bilaterally.  Pelvic ultrasound may aid in further characterization.  No evidence of appendicitis.
1.  No sign of metastases.2.  Bilateral adrenal nodules, presumably benign adenomas.
1. No pulmonary embolus.2. Findings consistent with mild bronchiolitis.3. Intramuscular bullet fragment posterior to the sixth and seventh ribs.
1.  Slight interval decrease in the left subdural fluid/hemorrhage.  2.  Midline shift to the right has also decreased, now measuring 4 mm.
Bilateral subcentimeter nodular parenchymal opacities in the lungs.  Etiology is uncertain and may represent metastatic disease versus infection.Limited evaluation of the abdominal organs due to lack of IV contrast.  Cholelithiasis.  Nonspecific hypodense lesions in bilateral native kidneys.No significant calcifications secondary to atherosclerotic disease in the vessels.
Left lower lobe pneumonia
ET tube positioning as described.
Stable appearance of scattered groundglass nodules including reference right lower lobe mixed solid/groundglass nodule. No new suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses.
Septo-optic dysplasia with schizencephaly, which can be a source of seizure activity. However, MRI is more sensitive for evaluating seizure foci and other associated anomalies.
Left upper lobe nodule consistent with a primary carcinoma with adjacent major fissure micronodule, of uncertain etiology, but likely representing an intrapulmonary lymph node in the superior segment of the left lower lobe, and less likely a satellite lesion or metastasis.
1. Innumerable pulmonary and mediastinal/hilar metastases, appearing similar to the prior study.  Reference measurements as provided above.2.  Hepatic metastatic disease, appearing slightly decreased in size compared to the prior study.  Please refer to MRI of the abdomen for better characterization/evaluation.
There is a nonobstructive bowel gas pattern. Average stool burden.
Stable cardiomegaly with no specific evidence of pulmonary edema or infection.
Small amount of bowel gas without evidence of obstruction.
Soft tissue swelling. Increased distance between talus and fibula may be related to injury of the anterior talofibular ligament.
Right ovarian cyst.  Pelvic ultrasound is recommended for further evaluation.
No fracture is identified. Findings suggestive of CPPD arthropathy. 
Stable exam without evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.
Mild mucosal thickening in the right maxillary sinus. Otherwise unremarkable CT sinus. 
Degenerative disc disease as described above.
Stable very small pleural effusions and mild basilar edema. 
Bilateral diffuse lung haziness consistent with TTN versus RDS.Interval repositioning of UVC.
Full-thickness tear of the distal supraspinatus upon its insertion upon the greater tuberosity which appears slightly increased from the prior exam. There is also partial undersurface/interstitial tearing of the anterior fibers of the infraspinatus.
Prominent bowel loops in the midabdomen with air seen within the colon.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Interval increase in size of a reference liver lesion and interval enlargement of a left axillary lymph node.  Recurrence cannot be excluded.  See detail above
Stable exam without evidence of recurrence or metastatic disease.
No evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.
1.  Progression of anasarca and ascites.2.  No significant change in the extensive retrocrural, retroperitoneal and pelvic adenopathy.3.  Other findings stable.
1.No acute intra-cranial abnormality and no specific findings to account for the patient's symptoms. 2.Again seen is prominence of the CSF space along the left parietal lobe which may reflect an arachnoid cyst or congenital variation.3.No venous thrombosis is detected.
1.Expected postoperative changes of a left superior parietal craniotomy for removal of tumor as detailed.2.Surgical cavity measuring at 21 x 18 mm and with expected internal T1 hyperintensity/blood products preclude assessment for enhancement on this initial study. No convincing evidence of residual tumor/enhancement, however follow-up is needed.3.Residual vasogenic edema and associated mass effect demonstrate no significant change since prior exam.
Equivocal improvement in mosaic attenuation consistent with hypersensitivity pneumonitis. No progression identified.
Small pleural effusions. Upper thoracic stabilization hardware is unchanged.
1.No detectable acute intracranial hemorrhage.2.Expected post operative changes of left temporal biopsy.3.Serpiginous cortical calcification in the left anterior and mid temporal lobe as detailed above.4.Left temporal vasogenic edema and mild midline shift to the right similar to preoperative study.
Study limited by lordotic view. No acute cardiopulmonary process.Consider correlation with PA and lateral radiograph for more detailed assessment given limitation, as above.
No acute intracranial abnormality. Minimal small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age. 
Expected postsurgical changes in both breasts. No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral diagnostic mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: ND - Diagnostic Mammogram.
1.	Slight increase in size of multiple pulmonary lesions.2.	Hypodense lesions within the liver compatible with hepatic cysts as better evaluated on the recent MR exam.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are identified.
Above average stool burden without obstruction.
Normal examination.
Normal examination.
Slight improvement in loculated right pleural effusion with unchanged right-sided opacities.
1.  No evidence for aneurysm or dissection.2.  Presumed inflammatory nodules in the lung.  Follow up recommended.3.  Mediastinal adenopathy.
No unexpected radiopaque foreign body. Findings discussed by phone with Dr. Lengyel, attending surgeon, at 18:17 on 4/27/16. 
No discrete myelomatous lesions.
Concern for gas in the uterine cavity as discussed above.This finding is in variance with the initial report by the radiology resident on call and my preliminary interpretation.  These findings were discussed with Dr. Mulliken at the time of this dictation on Sunday morning 5/15/11 9:20 a.m..
Left neck and supraclavicular lymphadenopathy, see separate neck CT report. No intrathoracic metastases identified.
New subcentimeter pulmonary nodules on the left highly suggestive of metastatic disease.  Interval increase in nodular opacity in the left lower lobe near an area of radiation fibrosis and scarring which is also presumably secondary to malignancy.  This less likely represents rounded atelectasis.
1. Resolution of acute sinusitis.2. Persistent chronic sinusitis involving all the paranasal sinuses.3. Osseous defect of the left cribriform plate and erosions involving the left fovea ethmoidalis are unchanged.4. Stable post surgical changes as described above.
Suspicious right MCA hyperdense MCA sign which is corresponding to clinical symptom of right hemispheric syndrome.Subtle low attenuation on the right middle frontal gyrus.No hemorrhage.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
No evidence of acute ischemic or hemorrhagic lesion supratentorially.Bandlike low attenuation artifacts across the posterior fossa limits CT examination quality.
Minimally displaced bilateral rib fractures as above.
1. No hyperdense hematoma or fluid collection is identified in the chest, abdomen, or pelvis.2. Interval resolution of previously identified complex fluid collection within the posterior left pararenal space.3. Right kidney angiomyolipoma.
Peripancreatic fluid collections as described appear comparable to provided clinical history. Retroperitoneal lymph nodes.
No radiopaque retained foreign object.The findings were discussed by telephone with the OR team and via text page with the attending surgeon, Dr. Wigfield, on 2/4/2015 at 6:15 a.m. by the radiology resident on call.
1. Examination limited to sequences per cord compression protocol. There is disc protrusion with resulting moderate to severe spinal canal stenosis at the C3-4 level with associated cord signal abnormality. This finding is better assessed on dedicated cervical spine MRI, which was obtained subsequently.2. No evidence of spinal canal stenosis in the thoracic or lumbar spine.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Postsurgical findings from anterior cervical fusion C5-C6 and C6-C7 as outlined above.
1.Stable left breast mass compatible with a benign hamartoma. Recommend 6 month diagnostic left breast mammogram and ultrasound for continued follow up to ensure stability.2.Stable focal asymmetry in the left breast at posterior depth without sonographic correlate.BIRADS: 3 - Probably benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: 3B - Followup at Short Interval (1-11 Months).
1. Large left pleural fluid collection with innumerable pleural nodules, compatible with malignant effusion and pleural metastases. No findings to suggest hemothorax. 2. Extensive mediastinal lymphadenopathy.
Limited exam due to suboptimal opacification.  Within this limitation no central pulmonary embolus is seen.  No findings to explain patient's symptoms.  
Straightening of the cervical lordosis, may be related to pain.
Overall no significant change compared to the prior study.  If there is clinical concern for acute ischemic change, MRI with diffusion weighted imaging is recommended
ET tube in acceptable position. 
Findings compatible with cirrhosis and portal hypertension. No suspicious hepatic lesions.
Total hip arthroplasty devices as above.
Large scapular lytic lesion with marked destruction and loss of the glenoid. Appearance similar to recent CT 1/29/15
Bones appear to be in anatomic alignment, but fracture line is not well visualized due to overlying cast material.
Continued increase in size of right upper lobe mass and adjacent spiculated nodule, highly compatible with primary pulmonary neoplasm.
1. Negative CT exam of the head.2. Interval increased in size of the enhancing soft tissue lesion in anterior medial aspect of the maxillary sinus cavity with nasal cavity extension. Stable appearance of anterior maxillary sinus wall erosion, thickening of the left soft palate and erosion of hard palate. The findings are compatible with progression of the tumor. 3. Stable right parotid gland enhancing lesion. 
No evidence of fracture.
1.Interval increase in size of anterior cranial fossa (left side planum sphenoidale) since prior scan: current measurement of size:11.4 mm x 12.6 mm x 7.2 mm.2. No change of non specific small vessel ischemic disease since prior scan.
Normal
1.No evidence of spinal metastatic disease.2.2.5 cm right adrenal nodule, nonspecific but further evaluation with adrenal protocol CT or MRI is recommended for complete characterization.3.Subcentimeter thyroid nodules which can be characterized with ultrasound as clinically warranted.4.Postoperative findings in the skull base and degenerative changes in the cervical spine.
No pneumothorax following chest tube removal.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities identified without interval change. 
1.10 x 20 mm pseudoaneurysm arising at the distal anastomosis of the interposition graft, immediately proximal to the innominate artery.2.No evidence of dissection in the thoracic aorta distal to the interposition graft.3.Right subpectoral fluid collection as described above, likely representing postoperative seroma.
1. No evidence of retrocochlear or inner ear lesions.2. Persistent diffuse prominent dural enhancement, which can be a manifestation of intracranial hypotension in the setting of ventricular shunting. 3. Stigmata of right parasellar aneurysm clipping and chronic right basal ganglia infarction.4. Developmental venous anomalies in the right superior temporal lobe and right parietal lobe periventricular region with an adjacent areas of high T2 signal, which may represent gliosis. 
Mild postoperative atelectasis. Possible left paratracheal mediastinal hematoma, follow-up to complete resolution to exclude alternate pathology.
Right upper extremity PICC tip is in the right atrium.
1.ET tube approximately 2 cm above the carina.2.Interval worsening in bilateral pulmonary opacities. Differential diagnosis includes but is not limited to pulmonary edema, idiosyncratic drug reaction, inhalational injury, pulmonary hemorrhage, or atypical infection.
Right basilar consolidation compatible with acute infection.
The distal tip of the distal phalanx of the middle finger has fractured, the fracture fragment is retained within the partially amputated soft tissue.
Large irregularly-shaped air-fluid collections throughout the pelvis consistent with extraluminal fluid collections.  Moderate amount of free intraperitoneal fluid.  Other findings as above.
1. Multiple bilateral segmental chronic-appearing pulmonary emboli.2. Groundglass abnormality in the apices may be infectious/inflammatory. Follow-up examination in 3-6 months is recommended.PULMONARY EMBOLISM: PE: Positive.Chronicity: Chronic.Multiplicity: Multiple.Most Proximal: Lobar.RV Strain: Negative. Contrast extravasation description:Supervising radiologist: Joshua FinkleMinor or major extravasation: MinorContrast type: 85 mL of Omnipaque 350 were administered with saline chaser.Amount extravasated: 40 mL of mostly salineLocation of extravasation: Right antecubital fossaSigns and symptoms: Local pain, swelling. No numbness/tingling/weakness.Treatment given: Hot/cold pack.Discharge instructions given: Yes
Healing both bones fracture of the proximal forearm.
1. No discernible residual left ala lesion and no evidence of significant cervical lymphadenopathy in the neck.2. No evidence of intracranial metastases.
Continued decrease in reference measurements.
Interval increased size of spiculated cavitary lower lobe lesion which remains compatible with primary bronchogenic carcinoma, with findings suspicious for interval spread to the adjacent pleura.
1.Scattered small foci of FLAIR hyperintensity are demonstrated within the cerebral white matter, one of which is relatively curvilinear and subcortical location. These lesions are nonspecific, though the distribution and morphology raise the possibility of a demyelinating process. An inflammatory or vasculitic process could also be considered.2.Unremarkable evaluation of the IACs.
Interval placement of right nephroureteral stent with persistent mild hydronephrosis, hydroureter and an enhancing soft tissue mass in the distal right ureter.  No evidence of discrete retroperitoneal or pelvic lymphadenopathy.  No distant metastases.
Mural thickening and enlargement of the tip of the appendix consistent with appendicitis.
1.	Slight increase in size of pancreatic bed mass as detailed above.
1. Peripheral nodular enhancing lesion within the left cerebellar hemisphere with central restricted diffusion, most favored to represent an abscess, with less prominent surrounding edema. Additional prominent enhancement of the bilateral ventricular walls containing debris/pus, most suggestive of ventriculitis, although some of this enhancement may be related to leukemic involvement. Leptomeningeal enhancement of the left greater than right cerebellum surfaces, which may be related to meningitis although again some of this may be related to leukemia. Sampling of the CSF may be considered for further evaluation. 2.Multiple chronic microhemorrhages, which are also present on prior motion degraded exam, are nonspecific but given history can be seen with DIC.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No discernible residual enhancing brain metastases.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
1. Stable right frontal and temporal shunt catheters.  2. Stable ventricular size. 3. Stable right frontal cyst. 
Small avulsion fracture of distal fibula with associated soft tissue swelling and joint effusion.
Questionable distortion in the right breast on MLO view, may represent her baseline pattern, but should be compared to her outside mammograms. If they cannot be submitted or the appearance is not stable, then further evaluation with a right MLO and CC diagnostic tomosynthesis is recommended to evaluate for distortion. Additionally, based on her family history of breast cancer in her mother at a very young age, and given her breast density, further screening with MRI should be considered.BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: OC - OLD FILM FOR COMPARISON
Swan-Ganz catheter pulled back, the tip in the proximal right interlobar pulmonary artery.
1. Acute to subacute small vessel territory (most likely left MCA M1 segment territory) infarct involving the left basal ganglia, including posterior limb of the left internal capsule and posterior lateral left thalamus. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage or significant mass effect.2. Apparent stenosis in the proximal left MCA M1 segment. MRA may exaggerate the degree of stenosis. If clinically indicated, a CTA of the head could be performed for better characterization of the degree of stenosis.3. Nondiagnostic MRA of the neck. If clinically indicated, the patient may be brought back for repeat MRA of the neck at no additional charge.Dr. Sorensen discussed findings with Leah Anderson, PA-C on 8/19/2016 at 1130 hours. 
No acute intracranial hemorrhage or specific evidence of acute territorial ischemia.  
Left AICD with lead in the right ventricle. Resolution of interstitial edema.
Subcentimeter cortical lesion within the cortex of the distal radius which is nonspecific in nature but demonstrates nonaggressive characteristics. If there is persistent pain unrelated to activity, follow-up radiographs can be obtained.
No evidence of active small bowel inflammation, fibrostenotic or fistulous disease.
Overall mild interval increase in some reference measurements as detailed above.
No evidence of recurrent or metastatic disease.
1. Interval progression of anterior rectocele with Valsalva and defecation, measuring 2.4 x 4.7 cm, with prior measurement of 2.5 x 2.3 cm.2. Redemonstration of small posterior rectocele.
Hepatic steatosisDistended gallbladder with sludge and small stones without acute cholecystitisIncreased echogenicity of the kidneys consistent with chronic medical renal disease.Ascites
1.	New small focus of low attenuation involving the left insular cortex highly suspected of an acute/early subacute nonhemorrhagic ischemic stroke.2.	Stable minimal age indeterminate small vessel ischemic strokes.3.	Stable focus of encephalomalacia along the inferior left anterior frontal lobe adjacent to a previously seen defect of the floor of left orbit.
Mid to lower zone interstitial opacities of mild edema. Blunting of the left posterior costophrenic angle most likely subsegmental atelectasis.
"1) Interval placement of several new drains/tubes. Please refer to above report in ""other"" section for full details.2) Interval resolution of bilateral abdominal abscesses with placement of pigtail drainage catheters 3) Stable fluid collection in gallbladder fossa4) Bilateral small pleural effusions5) Mild inflammatory changes noted in the recto-sigmoid colon with no evidence of new abscess or perforation."
Multiple gaseous distention of bowel loops increased from prior exam.
1.  Pulmonary findings, as described above, are most compatible with diffuse chronic post-infectious/inflammatory changes and right lung architectural distortion/volume loss with a superimposed acute bronchiolitis/aspiration pattern.2.  No specific evidence of intrathoracic metastases.
Minimal to mild sinus disease as detailed above.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography. 
1.  Unremarkable CT exam of the head.2.  Status post right neck dissection and right-sided parotidectomy with postsurgical changes.  There are no soft tissue masses or abnormal enhancement to suggest tumor recurrence.  The findings are stable and compared to the previous study performed on 3/10/09.
Minimal atherosclerotic calcification of abdominal aorta and its branches, with no acute findings.
Minimal atelectasis left lower lobe without pulmonary edema.
Soft tissue swelling in the left temporoparietal scalp without osseous fractures or acute intracranial hemorrhage.
Relatively stable bilateral focal asymmetries on mammogram correlating with lobular hypoechoic masses on ultrasound. Previously reported hypoechoic mass within the left breast at 3:00 2 cm from the nipple is no longer visualized. These findings likely represent bilateral high probability fibroadenomas. Bilateral diagnostic mammogram recommended in 6 months in order to ensure stability disease findings. All results and recommendations were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 3 - Probably benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: 3B - Followup at Short Interval (1-11 Months).
Average stool burden. No evidence of bowel obstruction.
No evidence of metastatic disease.
Left frontoparietal epidural hematoma with overlying soft tissue swelling.
No evidence for renal mass, stone, acute inflammation, or obstruction.  Unremarkable collecting systems bilaterally.Left adrenal lesion as described.  This focus does not fulfill the strict criteria for benign adrenal adenoma and should therefore be best considered indeterminate.  MR would be helpful for further characterization.
Very high ET tube.
Normal appearance of the lumbar spine.
Postoperative changes of a right total hip arthroplasty.
No pneumothorax. No change in support devices or pulmonary opacities.
1.	Unchanged ventricular sizes without evidence of hydrocephalus. 2.	Stable intraventricular and pontine hemorrhage. No new intracranial hemorrhage seen.3.	Effacement of sulci, midline shift, and medialization of bilateral unci in context of diffuse cerebral white matter edema, stable. 4.	Right basal ganglia and left thalamus infarcts unchanged. No acute cerebral infarction seen.
Asymmetry in the right central breast seen on the CC view for which further evaluation with spot compression views is recommended. BIRADS: 0 - INCOMPLETE; Need additional imaging evaluationRECOMMENDATION: EB - Additional Mammo/Ultrasound Workup Required.
1.There is a large L-shaped hematoma within the lower abdomen and pelvis, similar in size and configuration from the prior examination, with a left-sided drain unchanged in position from the prior examination. 2.There are several organizing foci of fluid and gas, which appear slightly larger when compared to the prior examination: one is seen anterior the left pelvis and there is a larger complicated multi-lobed collection in the midline lower abdomen.3.There is no extravasation of enteric contrast beyond the bowel.
Status post gastric pull-through procedure with an esophagogastric stent in place. Interval resolution of the high-density fluid within the right pleural space. Small hydropneumothorax within the right major fissure. Moderate size right dependent pleural effusion with overlying atelectasis. Healing anterolateral right sixth rib fracture, likely postoperative. No acute abnormality identified in the abdomen or pelvis. 
No evidence for acute process.  Interval resolution of subtle low attenuation within the uncinate process of the pancreas without evidence for acute pancreatitis, pancreatic ductal dilatation, or peripancreatic fluid collection/pseudocyst.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 2 - Benign finding.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
1. Left renal stone without hydronephrosis is stable.2. New bilateral pleural effusions and lower lobe consolidation. 3. Chronic scarring of both kidneys with stable masses, probably atypical cysts, but cannot be certain without IV contrast.   Further evaluation with ultrasound of the kidneys may be helpful for further characterization of the renal lesions. 4. Large ventral midline hernia with unobstructed small and large bowel loops is stable. 
Right orbital preseptal swelling without underlying fractures.
Worsening in diffuse lung haziness and bibasilar opacities with possible development of right-sided pleural effusion.
1.	Minimal mucosal thickening is present within the right maxillary sinus, otherwise the paranasal sinuses are clear as are the bilateral mastoid air cells and middle ear cavities and there are no air-fluid levels. 2.	The nasal septum is minimally deviated rightward.
There is a nonobstructive bowel gas pattern.
1. A spiculated mass in the upper outer right breast, posterior depth, is concerning for malignancy, and measures up to 2.3 cm on the mammogram. Ultrasound-guided biopsy is recommended if not performed at the outside facility.2. No mammographic evidence of malignancy in the left breast.BIRADS: 4 - Suspicious Abnormality.RECOMMENDATION: X - No Letter.
1. There is extensive diverticulosis with inflammatory changes surrounding the distal descending colon and proximal sigmoid colon which may represent diverticulitis in the appropriate clinical setting.2. Large hiatal hernia.
Possible small joint effusion.
1.  Cholelithiasis without evidence of cholecystitis.2.  Previously described lung nodules appear unchanged.3.  Stable anterior mediastinal soft tissue mass with high attenuation foci within;  favor thymic lesion over mediastinal lymphadenopathy. 
Lower lobe bronchial thickening and mild dilatation and subsegmental atelectasis which may be related to bronchial mucous plugging or recurrent mild aspiration.
Low probability for pulmonary embolus.
Slight enlargement of CSF-density cyst in the right parietal lobe.  Otherwise, stable postsurgical changes as above.  Please note that lack of IV contrast limits evaluation for infection.
Negative nonenhanced head CT.
1. No evidence of acute intracranial abnormality.2. Unremarkable MRI of the orbits.
1. No evidence of progression of intracranial metastatic disease.2. No evidence of recurrence of a previously treated right frontal lesion.3. Extensive white matter signal abnormality is similar to prior and may represent treatment effect and/or chronic small vessel ischemic disease.4. Few punctate foci of susceptibility effect are nonspecific but compatible with chronic microhemorrhages or mineralization. These are primarily in the left parietal lobe and are new or more prominent than multiple prior studies. There is no associated enhancement but suggest attention on follow-up.
1. Unremarkable head CT. 2. Pansinus inflammatory disease. 
Indeterminate study for testicular torsion or hernia. According to the provided history of positional scrotal swelling, the most likely diagnosis may be an inguinal hernia.
No specific findings to account for patient's symptoms.  
No evidence of pulmonary emboli.  No CT findings to account for patient's pain.
1.No intra or extrahepatic biliary ductal dilation. No suspicious masses.2.Findings suggestive of pancreas divisum.
Thick rim-enhancing focus with central low attenuation along the cervix, and possibly the left adnexa may represent a benign cyst, however infection is also considered. Recommend further evaluation with pelvic ultrasound. 
Echogenic kidneys.Small, nonobstructive left renal stone.
Foci of atelectasis or scarring, which may be the result of aspirated secretions. No reliable evidence of pneumonia.
No significant abnormality.
1.	Stable right lower lobe pulmonary nodule.2.	Interval decrease in size of the mediastinal and hilar lymph nodes.3.	No new evidence of metastatic disease or local recurrence.
Right PICC tip at junction of superior vena cava and right atrium. No lung opacities.
1.	Irregular bowel wall thickening at the ileocecal junction is consistent with given diagnosis of colon cancer.  Retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy.2. Pancreatic body lesion incompletely characterized; while this may be a serous cystadenoma, further evaluation with pancreatic MR imaging is recommended.
1.	No evidence of pulmonary embolism.2.	Ground glass opacities at lung bases likely represents atelectasis or edema.3.	Splenomegaly and multiple hypodensities in the left lobe of the liver, consider ultrasound or CT abdomen for further characterization.
Stable 4.5-mm aneurysm of the distal right cervical internal carotid artery.
Swan-Ganz catheter tip within the left proximal left pulmonary artery, unchanged from prior. Worsening edema. 
Diffusely thinned thoracic cord without areas of abnormal signal or enhancement. No significant thoracic spondylotic changes.
1. Focal acute ischemic infarction at the right side centrum semiovale without evidence of hemorrhagic conversion.2. Chronic ischemic infarctions with tissue losses involving bilateral cerebellar hemispheres and right side of pons.3. Non specific small vessel ischemic disease.4. No evidence of significant (more than 50%) arterial luminal stenosis on both intracranial and extracranial arterial system. No intracranial aneurysm. 
Findings consistent with the stated history of rheumatoid arthritis of the hands and left shoulder. Right total shoulder arthroplasty. Other findings as described above.
Mild osteoarthritis, appearing similar to the prior exam.
Diffuse pulmonary opacities, not significantly changed since prior exam.
1.Increased bilateral renal parenchymal echogenicity compatible medical renal disease.2.Mild right-sided hydronephrosis and proximal hydroureter.
Right frontal and temporal hemorrhagic subacute cortical stroke as described.  Follow-up with an MRI is recommended.
No significant lymphadenopathy, several small lymph nodes as described above.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.Healing fracture of the distal tibial metaphysis.2.Healed humeral neck fracture without evidence of growth arrest.
No evidence of NEC.Right lower lobe opacity on a background of diffuse lung haziness.
No significant abnormalities. 
1.	Substantial decrease in size of left lower lobe mass and interval improvement in narrowing of left main stem bronchus as described above.2.	No new sites of disease.
Low lung volumes with patchy pulmonary opacities and symmetric hilar lymphadenopathy appearing similar to the prior study and consistent with the patient's history of sarcoidosis.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.	No localizing inflammatory changes in the abdomen or pelvis.2.	Scattered colonic diverticula without active inflammatory changes.3.	Right paramedian anterior bowel wall hernia containing loop of small bowel and colon without obstruction4.	1.1-cm right middle lobe pulmonary nodule.  This can be followed with chest CT to exclude growth.
1.No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage. Age-indeterminate small vessel ischemic disease. Please note that CT is insensitive for detection of acute ischemic infarct and MRI should be considered if there is continued clinical suspicion.2.Prominence of the ventricular system which appears slightly disproportional to the degree of volume loss. Finding raises possibility of communicating hydrocephalus/NPH in the appropriate clinical setting.
1. Multifocal various sized supra and infratentorial metastatic lesions with some intra lesional hemorrhages as described above.2. Intraventricular enhancing lesion on the right foramen of Monroe area which may indicate ependymal and/or choroidal plexus metastasis. 3. There is no evidence of abnormal leptomeningeal enhancement. 
1.  New small left pleural effusion with associated atelectasis and hypodensity in superior aspect of the spleen.  This may represent a sympathetic pleural effusion due to splenic infarct or infection.  2.  Extensive lymphadenopathy compatible with CLL.3.  Resolution of groundglass opacities.  No evidence of pneumonia.
Soft tissue swelling and small joint effusion without fracture or malalignment.
No evidence of a pulmonary embolus.  No acute lung abnormality.
Limited nonenhanced study again demonstrates findings highly suspicious for perforated acute appendicitis and adjacent air-fluid collection anterior to the appendiceal tip suspicious for a developing abscess.Air-fluid collections superficial to and deep to the ventral hernia mesh repair suspicious for abscesses. Dilated fluid filled small bowel with transition point in the right lower quadrant adjacent to the periappendiceal inflammatory changes may represent an ileus although a developing small bowel obstruction cannot be excluded.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, bilateral screening mammogram is recommended annually. Results and recommendation were discussed with the patient.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NS - Screening Mammogram.
Stable examination without evidence of disease recurrence or regional lymphadenopathy. Presumed lipoma in the right neck which could be confirmed using CT or MRI.
1. Interval decrease in size and number of left lung predominant cavitary pulmonary nodules. The residual cavitary lesions in the left upper lobe demonstrate interval increase in wall thickness. While these may be infectious in nature and improving, the possibility of cavitary pulmonary metastases should still be considered. Attention on follow-up.2. Interval decrease in size of mediastinal and hilar lymphadenopathy, now normal by CT criteria.3. Interval resolution of previously seen aspiration pneumonia. Residual aspiration bronchiolitis is now seen. New scattered solid clustered pulmonary nodules in both lower lobes are possibly inflammatory or infectious. Attention on follow-up.
1.  Left internal mammary/prevascular lymphadenopathy has resolved. 2.  Stable right upper lobe pulmonary nodule (7 mm).  3.  Stable small left adrenal nodule.4.  Stable goiter.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually. BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.
No pneumothorax following thoracentesis for a right pleural effusion.
1. No evidence of recurrent lymphoma in the chest, abdomen or pelvis. 2. Rim-enhancing fluid collection just inferior to the right femoral head may represent sterile abscess and is unchanged since the prior exam. 
The submandibular glands and parotid glands are mildly prominent, but without focal lesions. This may represent sialosis, perhaps related to alcohol. The larynx appears unremarkable, without discernable polyp or other mass lesions, although laryngoscopy is often more sensitive for small mucosal lesions. No significant cervical lymphadenopathy. However, a brain MRI may be useful for further evaluation of brainstem lesions that may account for the cranial nerve deficits reported on clinical examination.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography. 
Weak nephrogram in the renal allograft in the right iliac fossa and some fat stranding and fluid around the allograft.  Correlate to rule out infection.  Retroperitoneal nodes.  Left native kidney two hypodense lesions likely cysts.
No specific findings to account for the patient's pain.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities identified without interval change. No specific evidence of pulmonary edema.
1. The left ventricle is moderately dilated with moderately reduced systolic function. The overall LV ejection fraction is 38%.2. There is hypo/akinesis of the inferior/inferolateral walls with apical akinesis. 3. There is transmural late gadolinium enhancement in the inferior/inferolateral walls and apex that is consistent with prior myocardial infarction. This area is not likely to be viable. There is another area of subendocardial late gadolinium enhancement of the basal inferior/inferolateral walls and the mid anterior/anteroseptal walls that have an intermediate probability of viability. The remainder of the myocardium appears viable.4. The right ventricle is normal in size with normal systolic function. The overall RV ejection fraction is 57%.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
No evidence of acute abnormality or fibrosis.
Basilar opacities slightly improved on the left.
Postoperative findings with near interval resolution of the bilateral cerebral convexity subdural collections and no evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage. 
Right ureteral stone and interval placement of a right ureteral stent with increased right hydronephrosis compared to 1/8/13, raising the question of stent malfunction.
No radiographic signs of cystic fibrosis.  Residual or hyperplastic thymic tissue.
1. No acute ischemic infarct.2. Extensive subcortical and periventricular white matter T2 signal abnormality compatible with extensive chronic small vessel ischemic disease.3. Possible subacute microhemorrhage in the right caudothalamic groove with additional chronic microhemorrhages in the left parietal lobe.
Swan-Ganz catheter with tip located in the proximal right interlobar artery.
Healing periprosthetic fracture of the distal femur.
Lower lung zone predominant emphysema. No evidence of edema or pneumonia.
1.Stable mild compression of the C5 vertebral body containing marrow edema and enhancement, although the degree of marrow edema has decreased compared to prior consistent with increasing sclerosis identified on previous x-ray. 2.There are no new compression deformities. 3.Compression deformities of the upper thoracic spine are stable in appearance.4.There is no new evident epidural soft tissue component.
Nondisplaced right lateral tibial plateau fracture, subacute.
Multiple subcutaneous lipomas.
1.	Postoperative changes of right frontal craniotomy for partial resection of right basal ganglial cavernoma.2.	High density material within the right basal ganglia as measured could represent residual cavernoma.  No definite postoperative hemorrhage is detected however high density of the mass can obscure small amount of hemorrhage.3.	There is no evidence of hydrocephalus or midline shift.4.	Residual air and minimal epidural hemorrhage under the craniotomy flap.
1.	No evidence of acute intracranial findings.2.	Minimal small vessel disease is suspected.
Normal examination.
Right total hip arthroplasty with interval development of heterotopic ossification as described above.
1.	There are multilevel degenerative changes present in the cervical spine worst at C3-4 where there is a mild to moderate degree of spinal stenosis associated with bilateral neural frontal encroachment with encroachment of the exiting nerve roots.  Additional encroachment of the exiting nerve roots is present on the left side at C5-6.
1. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage.2. Age-indeterminate small vessel ischemic disease.3. Chronic left cerebellar infarct. 
Severe multilevel degenerative disc disease.
Small right pleural effusion.
Stable cardiopulmonary appearance with edema, consolidation/atelectasis and effusions.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1.	No significant change in size of reference lung nodules.2.	Stable mediastinal lymphadenopathy.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities identified without interval change. 
Acute fracture distal phalanx of the little finger.
1.  Moderate left pleural effusion with possible loculated component along left heart border.2.  Left lung pneumonia with necrosis and early abscess formation.
Post-treatment findings in the neck without evidence of locoregional tumor recurrence.
1.  No focal defects or intimal flaps in the thoracic or abdominal aorta to indicate aortic dissection.2. Anomalous origin of the right coronary artery at the 3 o'clock position (left lateral), may be of not clinical consideration or repercussions, provided no narrowing or stenosis of the coronary artery. However secondary to motion artifact in the study the possibility of compromise of the right coronary artery circulation cannot be ruled out.  Further evaluation with transesophageal echocardiogram or gated CTA coronary arteries is recommended.  MRI coronary arteries is a less desirable method.
ET tube tip below thoracic inlet and above the carina.
1.Progressive opacification of all the paranasal sinuses. The maxillary sinuses contain hyperattenuating material which likely reflects blood or inspissated secretions given that this finding was not present on recent prior imaging.2.No definite osseous erosions. Thinning of the medial maxillary sinus walls is of uncertain significance.3.Postoperative findings related to recent surgical intervention.
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No evidence of pneumonia.
slight increase in size of a retroperitoneal lymph node, of uncertain significance. No other specific evidence of recurrent disease.
1.  No interval change in size of soft tissue mass at the mesenteric root.2.  Stable cholelithiasis and nephrolithiasis.
No evidence of metastatic disease within the chest.
Interval appendectomy.Unchanged metastatic disease in the right retroperitoneum.
Markedly decreased bilateral pulmonary masses, with reference measurements as above.
Unable to exclude a 6-mm well circumscribed pulmonary nodule in the left upper lobe. Recommend correlation with thoracic CT. Although pulmonary metastases are more likely to occur in the lung bases, a metastatic lesion cannot be entirely excluded without additional characterization.
No new sites of disease.  Measurements as above.  Other findings as above.
Interval improved aeration of the right lung with persistent near complete opacification of the left lung. 
1. Unremarkable brain CTA.2. Patchy slightly low dense area in the left parietal cortex corresponds to the infarct previously identified on the MR exam.  
Postoperative findings with edema, atelectasis and small effusions.
1. No evidence of pulmonary embolus.2. Bibasilar consolidation and small right pleural effusion most consistent with infection or aspiration.  Given the rapid development of these findings vascular occlusive disease could also be considered.3. Nonspecific hilar and axillary lymphadenopathy.
No acute cardiopulmonary process on radiography.
1. Increased sunken scalp through the left frontoparietal craniectomy defect associated with compression of the underlying brain parenchyma and 8 mm of midline shift to the right.2. Persistent diffuse dural thickening and enhancement involving the left cerebral convexity, and to a lesser extent right anterior cerebral convexity with what appears to be a nonspecific 3 mm wide left cerebral convexity subdural collection anterior to the craniectomy defect, which may represent a residual hematoma, although superimposed infection cannot be excluded.
1.Small focus of encephalomalacia is present in the left temporal lobe centered in the left middle temporal and inferior temporal gyri.2.Another small focus of encephalomalacia is present in the right precentral gyrus3.Subcortical microhemorrhages are suspicious for amyloid angiopathy.4.Periventricular and subcortical white matter changes of a moderate degree are nonspecific. At this age they are most likely vascular related. 
1.  Stable appearance of left cerebellar stroke with unchanged mass effect on fourth ventricle.  No acute hemorrhage. 2.  Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age.
Small to moderate right pleural fluid collection.
No change in lung aeration.
Probable chronic-appearing interstitial changes without a distinct superimposed focal airspace process, however serial imaging should be considered given limitations and absence of prior studies
1. No evidence of recurrent mesothelioma.2. Increase in density of right lower lobe nodule compatible with neoplastic process such as invasive adenocarcinoma. Further evaluation with PET and/or tissue diagnosis is recommended.3. 14 mm right upper lobe groundglass density nodule suspicious for low-grade indolent adenocarcinoma such as an adenocarcinoma in situ or minimally invasive adenocarcinoma and is unchanged compared to the last prior study but appears slightly larger AP dimension compared to the exam of 1/2/2015.4. Indeterminate focal density in the deep left breast can't be assessed with mammography when feasible if not already performed at an outside institution within the last 6 months.Email was sent to Dr. Kindler regarding recommendations for workup of the breast lesions and pulmonary nodules at the time of dictation.
Bilateral mandibular fracture.
No specific evidence of edema or infection.
Right IJ catheter with its tip in the SVC. No large pneumothorax. Stable bilateral basilar predominant interstitial opacities.
1. Mildly depressed comminuted fracture of the left frontal bone with fracture fragments within the opacified left frontal sinus lumen.2. Incidentally seen left maxillary sinus mucosal-based density which is most likely represents a mucosal retention cyst or polyp, with further opacification extending via the ostiomeatal unit into the left middle meatus possibly representing secretions.
ETT removed and Swan-Ganz replaced with a vascular catheter
1.Interval removal of ventriculostomy catheter without significant change in ventricular size.2.Minimal interval evolution in but stable size of right thalamic hematoma with intraventricular extension and minimal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
A well-marginated, internally-complex structure within the subcutaneous soft tissues of the anterior left chest wall with internal vascularity. This lesion would be amenable to biopsy. 
Small vessel ischemic disease of indeterminate age.  Otherwise, no evidence of an acute intracranial abnormality.
1.  Continued decrease in right hydropneumothorax.2.  Pleural thickening consistent with history of mesothelioma; reference measurements provided above.3.  Interstitial fibrosis, progressed from 9/17/08, in a pattern most consistent with UIP.
Persistent left basilar atelectasis, but no new findings. Unchanged support devices.
Limited value examination due to lack of contrast.  Soft tissue mass in the left tonsillar bed as detailed.  No areas of pathologic adenopathy.
Cardiomegaly, but no acute abnormality.
1.Cirrhotic liver with ascites and top normal size spleen, suspicious for portal hypertension.2.Bilateral mildly echogenic kidneys are nonspecific, but can be seen in medical renal disease.3.Gallbladder sludge without signs of acute cholecystitis.
Transient tachypnea of the newborn.
1.  Multiple groundglass and solid nodules are compatible with primary adenocarcinomas or metastatic disease.  The right apical solid nodule appears slightly larger when compared to the previous exam.2.  Tree-in-bud opacity in the anterior upper lobes is compatible with bronchiolitis.
1.	Technically adequate examination with no evidence of pulmonary emboli.2.	Nonspecific pulmonary micronodules, many of which have been present and unchanged for many years, arguing for benignity for all of them. 3.	Other findings as noted above.
No evidence of solid or hollow viscus trauma.
No evidence of metastatic disease.
1.	Postsurgical changes of a previous thyroidectomy with nodular necrotic masses in the left thyroid bed, to a lesser degree in the right thyroid bed, stable since prior examination and suspicious for recurrent tumor 2.	Stable Left level II lymphadenopathies as detailed above.3.	Multiple osseous lesions seen in the right mandibular condyle, C2 vertebral body and multiples small lucent lesions lesions in the cervical vertebral bodies as described above.4.	No evidence of brain metastases. 
1. Limited evaluation due to patient's asymmetric positioning. No acute intracranial hemorrhage. Mild age-indeterminate small vessel ischemic changes.2. Rightward curvature of the lower cervical spine with rotatory scoliosis of predominantly the lumbar spine, as detailed above. No evidence of segmentation anomaly.3. Multilevel spondylotic changes as detailed above, with high-grade mid cervical left foraminal narrowing as well as at L2-L3.4. Redemonstration of left lower pole nonobstructing renal calculi.
Osteoarthritis of the hip without fracture.
1.	No significant vascular abnormalities.2.	Ventriculomegaly, unchanged from multiple prior exams.
1. No discrete masses to suggest schwannoma in the cervical or thoracic spine.2. Minimal residual enhancing lesion involving the right L2 neural foramen is difficult to measure due to susceptibility artifact but is grossly unchanged.3. There has been interval enlargement of the right L3 schwannoma which measures 26 x 23 mm, previously 22 x 18 mm on 12/14/2013.
No acute intracranial abnormality.
Stable subcentimeter right hypoechoic thyroid nodule.
No mammographic evidence of malignancy. As long as the patient's physical examination remains normal, routine screening mammogram is recommended annually.BIRADS: 1 - Negative.RECOMMENDATION: NSB - Screening Mammogram.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
Successful CT-guided aspiration of fluid collection adjacent to the L4-5 facet joint.
Stable right middle lobe micronodule.  Follow-up is recommended in 12 months.
1.	Bilateral near fluid density renal lesions that cannot be further characterized without intravenous contrast.2.	Extensive diverticulosis of the descending and sigmoid colon without evidence of diverticulitis.3.	Small sliding hiatal hernia.
Post-treatment findings in the right frontal lobe with a more prominent focus enhancement in the anterior margin of the treatment bed that measures up to 10 mm and a new nodular focus of enhancement along the posterolateral margin of the treatment bed that measures up to 7 mm. These may represent tumor progression and/or treatment effects.I personally reviewed the Images and/or procedure with the Resident/Fellow and agree with this report.
1. Continued interval decrease in size of left upper lobe nodule, again favoring benign postinflammatory or post infectious lesion. CT follow-up recommended in 12 months.2. Stable cystic lesion in the lingula.
1. No evidence of retained foreign object. Enteric tube projects over the region of the distal gastric body. Expected early post-operative changes.
